An animal is a living organism characterized by voluntary movement, also known as an animate being, a beast, a brute, a creature, or a fauna. An animal is either a herbivore, a work animal, an omnivore, a pleurodont, a scavenger, a poikilotherm, a female, a critter, a molter, a pet, a domestic animal, a survivor, an invertebrate, a hexapod, a pest, a mate, a marine animal, a range animal, a predator, a male, an adult, a metazoan, a racer, a mutant, a homeotherm, an acrodont, a darter, a varmint, an insectivore, a feeder, a biped, a thoroughbred, a prey, a peeper, a fictional animal, a stayer, a larva, a captive, a game, a young, a creepy-crawly, a chordate, a zooplankton, a stunt, a migrator, a giant, or an embryo. 

A herbivore is any animal that feeds chiefly on grass and other plants. 

A work animal is an animal trained for and used for heavy labor. A work animal is either a draft animal, or a beast of burden. 

A draft animal is an animal used for pulling heavy loads. 

A beast of burden is an animal such as a donkey or ox or elephant used for transporting loads or doing other heavy work, also known as a jument. A beast of burden can, more specifically, be a pack animal. 

A pack animal is an animal (such as a mule or burro or horse) used to carry loads, also known as a sumpter. A pack animal can, more specifically, be a packhorse. 

A packhorse is a workhorse used as a pack animal. 

An omnivore is an animal that feeds on both animal and vegetable substances. 

A pleurodont is an animal having teeth fused with the inner surface of the alveolar ridge without sockets. 

A scavenger is any animal that feeds on refuse and other decaying organic matter. A scavenger can, more specifically, be a bottom-feeder. 

A bottom-feeder is a scavenger that feeds low on the food chain. 

A poikilotherm is an animal whose body temperature varies with the temperature of its surroundings; any animal except birds and mammals, also known as an ectotherm. 

A female is an animal that produces gametes (ova) that can be fertilized by male gametes (spermatozoa). A female is either a hen, a dam, a female mammal, or a filly. 

A hen is female of certain aquatic animals e.g. octopus or lobster. 

A dam is female parent of an animal especially domestic livestock. 

A female mammal is animals that nourish their young with milk. 

A filly is a young female horse under the age of four. 

A critter is a regional term for `creature' (especially for domestic animals). 

A molter is an animal (especially birds and arthropods and reptiles) that periodically shed their outer layer (feathers or cuticle or skin or hair), also known as a moulter. 

A pet is a domesticated animal kept for companionship or amusement. 

A domestic animal is any of various animals that have been tamed and made fit for a human environment, also known as a domesticated animal. A domestic animal is either a head, a stray, a feeder, a dog, a stocker, or a domestic cat. 

A head is a single domestic animal. 

A stray is an animal that has strayed (especially a domestic animal). 

A feeder is an animal being fattened or suitable for fattening. 

A dog is a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds, also known as a domestic dog, or a Canis familiaris. A dog is either a puppy, a Great Pyrenees, a basenji, a Newfoundland, a lapdog, a poodle, a Leonberg, a toy dog, a spitz, a pooch, a cur, a Mexican hairless, a hunting dog, a working dog, a dalmatian, a pug, a corgi, or a griffon. 

A puppy is a young dog. 

A Great Pyrenees is bred of large heavy-coated white dogs resembling the Newfoundland. 

A basenji is small smooth-haired breed of African origin having a tightly curled tail and the inability to bark. 

A Newfoundland is a breed of very large heavy dogs with a thick coarse usually black coat; highly intelligent dogs and vigorous swimmers; developed in Newfoundland, also known as a Newfoundland dog. 

A lapdog is a dog small and tame enough to be held in the lap. 

A poodle is an intelligent dog with a heavy curly solid-colored coat that is usually clipped; an old breed sometimes trained as sporting dogs or as performing dogs, also known as a poodle dog. A poodle is either a large poodle, a miniature poodle, a toy poodle, or a standard poodle. 

A large poodle is the largest breed of poodle. 

A miniature poodle is a breed of small poodles. 

A toy poodle is the breed of very small poodles. 

A standard poodle is a breed or medium-sized poodles. 

A Leonberg is a large dog (usually with a golden coat) produced by crossing a St Bernard and a Newfoundland. 

A toy dog is any of several breeds of very small dogs kept purely as pets, also known as a toy. A toy dog is either a Japanese spaniel, a Chihuahua, a Shih-Tzu, a Pekinese, a toy spaniel, a toy terrier, or a Maltese dog. 

A Japanese spaniel is breed of toy dogs originating in Japan having a silky black-and-white or red-and-white coat. 

A Chihuahua is an old breed of tiny short-haired dog with protruding eyes from Mexico held to antedate Aztec civilization. 

A Shih-Tzu is a Chinese breed of small dog similar to a Pekingese. 

A Pekinese is a Chinese breed of small short-legged dogs with a long silky coat and broad flat muzzle, also known as a Pekingese, or a Peke. 

A toy spaniel is a very small spaniel. A toy spaniel is either a English toy spaniel, a papillon, or a King Charles spaniel. 

A English toy spaniel is British breed having a long silky coat and rounded head with a short upturned muzzle. A English toy spaniel can, more specifically, be a Blenheim spaniel. 

A Blenheim spaniel is red-and-white variety of English toy spaniel. 

A papillon is small slender toy spaniel with erect ears and a black-spotted brown to white coat. 

A King Charles spaniel is a toy English spaniel with a black-and-tan coat; named after Charles II who popularized it. 

A toy terrier is a small active dog. 

A Maltese dog is breed of toy dogs having a long straight silky white coat, also known as a Maltese terrier, or a Maltese. 

A spitz is any of various stocky heavy-coated breeds of dogs native to northern regions having pointed muzzles and erect ears with a curled furry tail. A spitz is either a keeshond, a chow, a Pomeranian, or a Samoyed. 

A keeshond is a spitz-like dog having a shaggy greyish coat and tightly curled tail originating in Holland. 

A chow is breed of medium-sized dogs with a thick coat and fluffy curled tails and distinctive blue-black tongues; believed to have originated in northern China, also known as a chow chow. 

A Pomeranian is breed of very small compact long-haired dogs of the spitz type. 

A Samoyed is Siberian breed of white or cream-colored dog of the spitz family, also known as a Samoyede. 

A pooch is informal terms for dogs, also known as a doggie, a doggy, a barker, or a bow-wow. 

A cur is an inferior dog or one of mixed breed, also known as a mongrel, or a mutt. A cur is either a feist, or a pariah dog. 

A feist is a nervous belligerent little mongrel dog, also known as a fice. 

A pariah dog is ownerless half-wild mongrel dog common around Asian villages especially India, also known as a pye-dog, or a pie-dog. 

A Mexican hairless is any of an old breed of small nearly hairless dogs of Mexico. 

A hunting dog is a dog used in hunting game. A hunting dog is either a sporting dog, a Rhodesian ridgeback, a terrier, a hound, a courser, or a dachshund. 

A sporting dog is a dog trained to work with sportsmen when they hunt with guns, also known as a gun dog. A sporting dog is either a bird dog, a griffon, a spaniel, a retriever, a pointer, a setter, or a water dog. 

A bird dog is a gun dog trained to locate or retrieve birds. 

A griffon is breed of medium-sized long-headed dogs with downy undercoat and harsh wiry outer coat; originated in Holland but largely developed in France, also known as a wire-haired pointing griffon. 

A spaniel is any of several breeds of small to medium-sized gun dogs with a long silky coat and long frilled ears. A spaniel is either a Brittany spaniel, a water spaniel, a clumber, a field spaniel, a cocker spaniel, a springer spaniel, or a Sussex spaniel. 

A Brittany spaniel is tall active short-tailed French breed of bird dog having a usually smooth orange- or liver-and-white coat. 

A water spaniel is any dog of two large curly-coated breeds used for hunting waterfowl. A water spaniel is either a American water spaniel, or a Irish water spaniel. 

A American water spaniel is breed of medium-sized spaniels originating in America having chocolate or liver-colored curly coat. 

A Irish water spaniel is breed of large spaniels developed in Ireland having a heavy coat of liver-colored curls and a topknot of long curls and a nearly hairless tail. 

A clumber is a thickset spaniel with longish silky hair, also known as a clumber spaniel. 

A field spaniel is large usually black hunting and retrieving spaniel with a dense flat or slightly wavy coat; cross between cocker and Sussex spaniel. 

A cocker spaniel is a small breed with wavy silky hair; originally developed in England, also known as a English cocker spaniel, or a cocker. 

A springer spaniel is a large spaniel with wavy silky coat usually black or liver and white, also known as a springer. A springer spaniel is either a English springer, or a Welsh springer spaniel. 

A English springer is a breed having typically a black-and-white coat, also known as a English springer spaniel. 

A Welsh springer spaniel is a red-and-white breed slightly smaller than the English springer spaniel. 

A Sussex spaniel is an English breed with short legs and a golden liver-colored coat. 

A retriever is a dog with heavy water-resistant coat that can be trained to retrieve game. A retriever is either a flat-coated retriever, a curly-coated retriever, a Labrador retriever, a Chesapeake Bay retriever, or a golden retriever. 

A flat-coated retriever is an English breed having a shiny black or liver-colored coat; retrieves game from land or water. 

A curly-coated retriever is an English breed having a tightly curled black or liver-colored coat; retrieves game from land or water. 

A Labrador retriever is breed originally from Labrador having a short black or golden-brown coat. 

A Chesapeake Bay retriever is American breed having a short thick oily coat ranging from brown to light tan. 

A golden retriever is an English breed having a long silky golden coat. 

A pointer is a strong slender smooth-haired dog of Spanish origin having a white coat with brown or black patches; scents out and points to game, also known as a Spanish pointer. A pointer is either a German short-haired pointer, or a vizsla. 

A German short-haired pointer is liver or liver-and-white hunting dog developed in Germany; 3/4 pointer and 1/4 bloodhound. 

A vizsla is Hungarian hunting dog resembling the Weimaraner but having a rich deep red coat, also known as a Hungarian pointer. 

A setter is a long-haired dog formerly trained to crouch on finding game but now to point. A setter is either a Gordon setter, a Irish setter, or a English setter. 

A Gordon setter is a Scottish breed with a black-and-tan coat. 

A Irish setter is an Irish breed with a chestnut-brown or mahogany-red coat, also known as a red setter. 

A English setter is an English breed having a plumed tail and a soft silky coat that is chiefly white. 

A water dog is a dog accustomed to water and usually trained to retrieve waterfowl. 

A Rhodesian ridgeback is a powerful short-haired African hunting dog having a crest of reversed hair along the spine. 

A terrier is any of several usually small short-bodied breeds originally trained to hunt animals living underground. A terrier is either a Tibetan terrier, a wirehair, a bullterrier, a Scotch terrier, a Boston bull, a Airedale, a West Highland white terrier, a Border terrier, a rat terrier, a Skye terrier, a Norwich terrier, a Lhasa, a soft-coated wheaten terrier, a schnauzer, a Kerry blue terrier, a Yorkshire terrier, a Irish terrier, a Bedlington terrier, a silky terrier, a cairn, a Norfolk terrier, a Dandie Dinmont, a fox terrier, or a Australian terrier. 

A Tibetan terrier is breed of medium-sized terriers bred in Tibet resembling Old English sheepdogs with fluffy curled tails, also known as a chrysanthemum dog. 

A wirehair is a terrier with wiry hair, also known as a wirehaired terrier, or a wire-haired terrier. A wirehair is either a Welsh terrier, or a Lakeland terrier. 

A Welsh terrier is wire-haired terrier resembling Airedales but smaller; developed in Wales for hunting. A Welsh terrier can, more specifically, be a Sealyham terrier. 

A Sealyham terrier is a wire-haired terrier with short legs that was first bred in Sealyham, also known as a Sealyham. 

A Lakeland terrier is breed of wire-haired terrier originally from the Lake District of England and used for hunting. 

A bullterrier is a powerful short-haired terrier originated in England by crossing the bulldog with terriers, also known as a bull terrier. A bullterrier is either a American Staffordshire terrier, or a Staffordshire bullterrier. 

A American Staffordshire terrier is American breed of muscular terriers with a short close-lying stiff coat, also known as a Staffordshire terrier, a American pit bull terrier, or a pit bull terrier. 

A Staffordshire bullterrier is English breed of strong stocky dog having a broad skull and smooth coat, also known as a Staffordshire bull terrier. 

A Scotch terrier is old Scottish breed of small long-haired usually black terrier with erect tail and ears, also known as a Scottish terrier, or a Scottie. 

A Boston bull is small pug-faced American terrier breed having a smooth brindle or black coat with white markings, also known as a Boston terrier. 

A Airedale is breed of large wiry-coated terrier bred in Yorkshire, also known as a Airedale terrier. 

A West Highland white terrier is small white long-coated terrier developed in Scotland. 

A Border terrier is small rough-coated terrier of British origin. 

A rat terrier is any of several breeds of terrier developed to catch rats, also known as a ratter. A rat terrier can, more specifically, be a Manchester terrier. 

A Manchester terrier is a breed of short-haired rat terrier with a black-and-tan coat that was developed in Manchester, England, also known as a black-and-tan terrier. A Manchester terrier can, more specifically, be a toy Manchester. 

A toy Manchester is breed of small Manchester terrier, also known as a toy Manchester terrier. 

A Skye terrier is Scottish breed of terrier with shaggy hair and long low body with short legs; native to the Isle of Skye. A Skye terrier can, more specifically, be a Clydesdale terrier. 

A Clydesdale terrier is selectively bred small Skye terrier with erect ears and a long silky coat. 

A Norwich terrier is English breed of small short-legged terrier with a straight wiry red or grey or black-and-tan coat and erect ears. 

A Lhasa is a breed of terrier having a long heavy coat raised in Tibet as watchdogs, also known as a Lhasa apso. 

A soft-coated wheaten terrier is Irish breed of medium-sized terrier with an abundant coat any shade of wheat and very hairy head and muzzle. 

A schnauzer is old German breed of sturdy black or greyish wire-haired terriers having a blunt muzzle ranging in size from fairly small to very large; used as ratters and guard dogs or police dogs. A schnauzer is either a miniature schnauzer, a giant schnauzer, or a standard schnauzer. 

A miniature schnauzer is a small schnauzer. 

A giant schnauzer is a large schnauzer. 

A standard schnauzer is a medium-sized schnauzer. 

A Kerry blue terrier is an Irish breed of medium-sized terriers with a silky blue-grey coat. 

A Yorkshire terrier is very small breed having a long glossy coat of bluish-grey and tan. 

A Irish terrier is medium-sized breed with a wiry brown coat; developed in Ireland. 

A Bedlington terrier is a light terrier groomed to resemble a lamb. 

A silky terrier is Australian breed of toy dogs having a silky blue coat, also known as a Sydney silky. 

A cairn is small rough-haired breed of terrier from Scotland, also known as a cairn terrier. 

A Norfolk terrier is English breed of small terrier with a straight wiry grizzled coat and dropped ears. 

A Dandie Dinmont is a breed of small terrier with long wiry coat and drooping ears, also known as a Dandie Dinmont terrier. 

A fox terrier is small lively black-and-white terriers formerly used to dig out foxes. A fox terrier is either a smooth-haired fox terrier, or a wire-haired fox terrier. 

A smooth-haired fox terrier is a fox terrier with smooth hair. 

A wire-haired fox terrier is a fox terrier with wiry hair. 

A Australian terrier is small greyish wire-haired breed of terrier from Australia similar to the cairn. 

A hound is any of several breeds of dog used for hunting typically having large drooping ears, also known as a hound dog. A hound is either a beagle, a Ibizan hound, a Plott hound, a bluetick, a Saluki, a Scottish deerhound, a wolfhound, a Afghan hound, a Weimaraner, a greyhound, a redbone, an otterhound, a staghound, a coonhound, a bloodhound, a boarhound, a foxhound, a basset, a Norwegian elkhound, or a harrier. 

A beagle is a small short-legged smooth-coated breed of hound. 

A Ibizan hound is breed of slender agile medium-sized hound found chiefly in the Balearic Islands; said to have been bred originally by the Pharaohs of ancient Egypt, also known as a Ibizan Podenco. 

A Plott hound is a brindle-coated American hound used in hunting bears and wild boars. 

A bluetick is a very fast American hound; white mottled with bluish grey. 

A Saluki is old breed of tall swift keen-eyed hunting dogs resembling greyhounds; from Egypt and southwestern Asia, also known as a gazelle hound. 

A Scottish deerhound is very large and tall rough-coated dog bred for hunting deer; known as the royal dog of Scotland, also known as a deerhound. 

A wolfhound is the largest breed of dogs; formerly used to hunt wolves. A wolfhound is either a borzoi, or a Irish wolfhound. 

A borzoi is tall fast-moving dog breed, also known as a Russian wolfhound. 

A Irish wolfhound is large breed of hound with a rough thick coat. 

A Afghan hound is tall graceful breed of hound with a long silky coat; native to the Near East, also known as a Afghan. 

A Weimaraner is large breed of hound having a smooth greyish coat; originated in Germany. 

A greyhound is a tall slender dog of an ancient breed noted for swiftness and keen sight; used as a racing dog. A greyhound is either a whippet, or a Italian greyhound. 

A whippet is small slender dog of greyhound type developed in England. 

A Italian greyhound is a toy dog developed from the greyhound. 

A redbone is a speedy red or red-and-tan American hound. 

An otterhound is hardy British hound having long pendulous ears and a thick coarse shaggy coat with an oily undercoat; bred for hunting otters, also known as an otter hound. 

A staghound is a large heavy hound formerly used in hunting stags and other large game; similar to but larger than a foxhound. 

A coonhound is any of several breeds of hound developed for hunting raccoons. A coonhound is either a black-and-tan coonhound, or a coondog. 

A black-and-tan coonhound is American breed of large powerful hound dogs used for hunting raccoons and other game. 

A coondog is any dog trained to hunt raccoons. 

A bloodhound is a breed of large powerful hound of European origin having very acute smell and used in tracking, also known as a sleuthhound. 

A boarhound is large hound used in hunting wild boars. 

A foxhound is medium-sized glossy-coated hounds developed for hunting foxes. A foxhound is either a Walker hound, a American foxhound, or a English foxhound. 

A Walker hound is an American breed of foxhound, also known as a Walker foxhound. 

A American foxhound is an American breed of foxhounds used for hunting both in packs and individually. 

A English foxhound is an English breed slightly larger than the American foxhounds originally used to hunt in packs. 

A basset is smooth-haired breed of hound with short legs and long ears, also known as a basset hound. 

A Norwegian elkhound is breed of compact medium-sized dog with a heavy grey coat developed in Norway for hunting elk, also known as an elkhound. 

A harrier is a hound that resembles a foxhound but is smaller; used to hunt rabbits. 

A courser is a dog trained for coursing. 

A dachshund is small long-bodied short-legged German breed of dog having a short sleek coat and long drooping ears; suited for following game into burrows, also known as a dachsie, or a badger dog. A dachshund can, more specifically, be a sausage dog. 

A sausage dog is informal term, also known as a sausage hound. 

A working dog is any of several breeds of usually large powerful dogs bred to work as draft animals and guard and guide dogs. A working dog is either a hearing dog, a Great Dane, a boxer, a mastiff, a Saint Bernard, a bulldog, a bull mastiff, a watchdog, a Sennenhunde, a shepherd dog, a police dog, a Eskimo dog, a sled dog, a guide dog, or a seizure-alert dog. 

A hearing dog is dog trained to assist the deaf by signaling the occurrence of certain sounds. 

A Great Dane is very large powerful smooth-coated breed of dog. 

A boxer is a breed of stocky medium-sized short-haired dog with a brindled coat and square-jawed muzzle developed in Germany. 

A mastiff is an old breed of powerful deep-chested smooth-coated dog used chiefly as a watchdog and guard dog. A mastiff can, more specifically, be a Tibetan mastiff. 

A Tibetan mastiff is very large powerful rough-coated dog native to central Asia. 

A Saint Bernard is a Swiss alpine breed of large powerful dog with a thick coat of hair used as a rescue dog, also known as a St Bernard. 

A bulldog is a sturdy thickset short-haired breed with a large head and strong undershot lower jaw; developed originally in England for bull baiting, also known as a English bulldog. A bulldog can, more specifically, be a French bulldog. 

A French bulldog is small stocky version of the bulldog having a sleek coat and square head. 

A bull mastiff is large powerful breed developed by crossing the bulldog and the mastiff. 

A watchdog is a dog trained to guard property, also known as a guard dog. A watchdog is either a housedog, a pinscher, a kuvasz, an attack dog, or a schipperke. 

A housedog is a dog trained to guard a house. 

A pinscher is any of three breeds of dogs whose ears and tail are usually cropped. A pinscher is either an affenpinscher, a Doberman, or a miniature pinscher. 

An affenpinscher is European breed of small dog resembling a terrier with dark wiry hair and a tufted muzzle, also known as a monkey pinscher, or a monkey dog. 

A Doberman is medium large breed of dog of German origin with a glossy black and tan coat; used as a watchdog, also known as a Doberman pinscher. 

A miniature pinscher is small German version of a Doberman pinscher. 

A kuvasz is long-established Hungarian breed of tall light-footed but sturdy white dog; used also as a hunting dog. 

An attack dog is a watchdog trained to attack on command. 

A schipperke is breed of small stocky black dogs originally used as watchdogs on boats in the Netherlands and Belgium. 

A Sennenhunde is any of four Swiss breeds. A Sennenhunde is either a Appenzeller, a Bernese mountain dog, a Greater Swiss Mountain dog, or a EntleBucher. 

A Appenzeller is a smaller of the four Swiss breeds. 

A Bernese mountain dog is large powerful long-haired black-coated Swiss dog with deep tan or russet markings on legs and white blaze and feet and chest marking; formerly used for draft. 

A Greater Swiss Mountain dog is the largest of the four Swiss breeds. 

A EntleBucher is the smallest of the Sennenhunde. 

A shepherd dog is any of various usually long-haired breeds of dog reared to herd and guard sheep, also known as a sheepdog, or a sheep dog. A shepherd dog is either a Rottweiler, a Border collie, a briard, a Shetland sheepdog, a komondor, a German shepherd, a Belgian sheepdog, a Old English sheepdog, a kelpie, a collie, or a Bouvier des Flandres. 

A Rottweiler is German breed of large vigorous short-haired cattle dogs. 

A Border collie is developed in the area between Scotland and England usually having a black coat with white on the head and tip of tail used for herding both sheep and cattle. 

A briard is old French breed of large strong usually black dogs having a long tail and long wavy and slightly stiff coat. 

A Shetland sheepdog is a small sheepdog resembling a collie that was developed in the Shetland Islands, also known as a Shetland sheep dog, or a Shetland. 

A komondor is Hungarian breed of large powerful shaggy-coated white dog; used also as guard dog. 

A German shepherd is breed of large shepherd dogs used in police work and as a guide for the blind, also known as a German shepherd dog, a German police dog, or an alsatian. 

A Belgian sheepdog is hardy working dog developed in Belgium for herding sheep, also known as a Belgian shepherd. A Belgian sheepdog is either a groenendael, or a malinois. 

A groenendael is black-coated sheepdog with a heavily plumed tail. 

A malinois is fawn-colored short-haired sheepdog. 

A Old English sheepdog is large sheepdog with a profuse shaggy bluish-grey-and-white coat and short tail; believed to trace back to the Roman occupation of Britain, also known as a bobtail. 

A kelpie is an Australian sheepdog with pointed ears. 

A collie is a silky-coated sheepdog with a long ruff and long narrow head developed in Scotland. 

A Bouvier des Flandres is rough-coated breed used originally in Belgium for herding and guarding cattle, also known as a Bouviers des Flandres. 

A police dog is any dog trained to assist police especially in tracking. 

A Eskimo dog is breed of heavy-coated Arctic sled dog, also known as a husky. 

A sled dog is a dog trained to draw a sled usually in a team, also known as a sledge dog. A sled dog is either a malamute, or a Siberian husky. 

A malamute is breed of sled dog developed in Alaska, also known as a malemute, or a Alaskan malamute. 

A Siberian husky is breed of sled dog developed in northeastern Siberia; they resemble the larger Alaskan malamutes. 

A guide dog is a dog trained to guide the blind. A guide dog can, more specifically, be a Seeing Eye dog. 

A Seeing Eye dog is (trademark) a guide dog trained to guide a blind person. 

A seizure-alert dog is a dog that can alert or assist people with seizure disorders. 

A dalmatian is a large breed having a smooth white coat with black or brown spots; originated in Dalmatia, also known as a coach dog, or a carriage dog. A dalmatian can, more specifically, be a liver-spotted dalmatian. 

A liver-spotted dalmatian is a brown-spotted dalmatian. 

A pug is small compact smooth-coated breed of Asiatic origin having a tightly curled tail and broad flat wrinkled muzzle, also known as a pug-dog. 

A corgi is either of two Welsh breeds of long-bodied short-legged dogs with erect ears and a fox-like head, also known as a Welsh corgi. A corgi is either a Pembroke, or a Cardigan. 

A Pembroke is the smaller and straight-legged variety of corgi having pointed ears and a short tail, also known as a Pembroke Welsh corgi. 

A Cardigan is slightly bowlegged variety of corgi having rounded ears and a long tail, also known as a Cardigan Welsh corgi. 

A griffon is breed of various very small compact wiry-coated dogs of Belgian origin having a short bearded muzzle, also known as a Brussels griffon, or a Belgian griffon. A griffon can, more specifically, be a Brabancon griffon. 

A Brabancon griffon is a variety of Brussels griffon having a short smooth coat. 

A stocker is a domestic animal (especially a young steer or heifer) kept as stock until fattened or matured and suitable for a breeding establishment. 

A domestic cat is any domesticated member of the genus Felis, also known as a house cat, a Felis domesticus, or a Felis catus. A domestic cat is either a Angora, a tabby, a tiger cat, a Persian cat, a Abyssinian, a tabby, a Burmese cat, a tortoiseshell, a Egyptian cat, a Siamese cat, a Maltese, a Manx, an alley cat, a tom, a mouser, or a kitty. 

A Angora is a long-haired breed of cat similar to the Persian cat, also known as a Angora cat. 

A tabby is a cat with a grey or tawny coat mottled with black, also known as a tabby cat. 

A tiger cat is a cat having a striped coat. 

A Persian cat is a long-haired breed of cat. 

A Abyssinian is a small slender short-haired breed of African origin having brownish fur with a reddish undercoat, also known as a Abyssinian cat. 

A tabby is female cat, also known as a queen. 

A Burmese cat is a short-haired breed with body similar to the Siamese cat but having a solid dark brown or grey coat. 

A tortoiseshell is a cat having black and cream-colored and yellowish markings, also known as a tortoiseshell-cat, or a calico cat. 

A Egyptian cat is a domestic cat of Egypt. 

A Siamese cat is a slender short-haired blue-eyed breed of cat having a pale coat with dark ears paws face and tail tip, also known as a Siamese. A Siamese cat can, more specifically, be a blue point Siamese. 

A blue point Siamese is Siamese cat having a bluish cream-colored body and dark grey points. 

A Maltese is a term applied indiscriminately in the United States to any short-haired bluish-grey cat, also known as a Maltese cat. 

A Manx is a short-haired tailless breed of cat believed to originate on the Isle of Man, also known as a Manx cat. 

An alley cat is a homeless cat. 

A tom is male cat, also known as a tomcat. A tom can, more specifically, be a gib. 

A gib is a castrated tomcat. 

A mouser is a cat proficient at mousing. 

A kitty is informal terms referring to a domestic cat, also known as a kitty-cat, a puss, a pussy, or a pussycat. 

A survivor is an animal that survives in spite of adversity. 

An invertebrate is any animal lacking a backbone or notochord; the term is not used as a scientific classification. An invertebrate is either an arthropod, a ctenophore, a rotifer, a zoophyte, a Symbion pandora, a bryozoan, a mollusk, a worm, a peanut worm, a brachiopod, an entoproct, a sponge, an echinoderm, a coelenterate, a phoronid, an ectoproct, or a woodborer. 

An arthropod is invertebrate having jointed limbs and a segmented body with an exoskeleton made of chitin. An arthropod is either a horseshoe crab, a millipede, a crustacean, a Merostomata, a trilobite, an arachnid, a sea spider, a myriapod, a tongue worm, a Asian horseshoe crab, an instar, a centipede, an insect, a tardigrade, a eurypterid, a garden centipede, or an onychophoran. 

A horseshoe crab is large marine arthropod of the Atlantic coast of North America having a domed carapace that is shaped like a horseshoe and a stiff pointed tail; a living fossil related to the wood louse, also known as a king crab, a Limulus polyphemus, or a Xiphosurus polyphemus. 

A millipede is any of numerous herbivorous nonpoisonous arthropods having a cylindrical body of 20 to 100 or more segments most with two pairs of legs, also known as a millepede, or a milliped. 

A crustacean is any mainly aquatic arthropod usually having a segmented body and chitinous exoskeleton. A crustacean is either a stomatopod, a seed shrimp, a branchiopod crustacean, a malacostracan crustacean, a decapod crustacean, a copepod, a brachyuran, or a barnacle. 

A stomatopod is a kind of crustacean, also known as a stomatopod crustacean. A stomatopod can, more specifically, be a mantis shrimp. 

A mantis shrimp is tropical marine burrowing crustaceans with large grasping appendages, also known as a mantis crab. A mantis shrimp can, more specifically, be a squilla. 

A squilla is a kind of mantis shrimp, also known as a mantis prawn. 

A seed shrimp is tiny marine and freshwater crustaceans with a shrimp-like body enclosed in a bivalve shell, also known as a mussel shrimp, or an ostracod. 

A branchiopod crustacean is aquatic crustaceans typically having a carapace and many pairs of leaflike appendages used for swimming as well as respiration and feeding, also known as a branchiopod, or a branchiopodan. A branchiopod crustacean is either a daphnia, a tadpole shrimp, a brine shrimp, or a fairy shrimp. 

A daphnia is minute freshwater crustacean having a round body enclosed in a transparent shell; moves about like a flea by means of hairy branched antennae, also known as a water flea. 

A tadpole shrimp is a kind of branchiopod crustacean. 

A brine shrimp is common to saline lakes, also known as a Artemia salina. 

A fairy shrimp is small freshwater branchiopod having a transparent body with many appendages; swims on its back. 

A malacostracan crustacean is a major subclass of crustaceans. A malacostracan crustacean is either an opossum shrimp, an amphipod, a krill, or an isopod. 

An opossum shrimp is shrimp-like crustaceans whose females carry eggs and young in a pouch between the legs. 

An amphipod is a kind of malacostracan crustacean. An amphipod is either a beach flea, a skeleton shrimp, or a whale louse. 

A beach flea is small amphipod crustaceans that hop like fleas; common on ocean beaches, also known as a sand hopper, a sandhopper, or a sand flea. 

A skeleton shrimp is small amphipod crustacean having a grotesque form suggestive of the praying mantis; found chiefly on seaweed. 

A whale louse is amphipod crustacean parasitic on cetaceans. 

A krill is shrimp-like planktonic crustaceans; major source of food for e.g. baleen whales. A krill can, more specifically, be a Euphausia pacifica. 

A Euphausia pacifica is food for jellyfish. 

An isopod is any of various small terrestrial or aquatic crustaceans with seven pairs of legs adapted for crawling. An isopod is either a woodlouse, or a sea louse. 

A woodlouse is any of various small terrestrial isopods having a flat elliptical segmented body; found in damp habitats, also known as a slater. A woodlouse is either a sow bug, or a pill bug. 

A sow bug is terrestrial isopod having an oval segmented body (a shape like a sow). 

A pill bug is small terrestrial isopod with a convex segmented body that can roll up into a ball. 

A sea louse is marine isopod crustacean, also known as a sea slater. 

A decapod crustacean is crustaceans characteristically having five pairs of locomotor appendages each joined to a segment of the thorax, also known as a decapod. A decapod crustacean is either a shrimp, a prawn, a tropical prawn, a hermit crab, a crab, a crayfish, or a lobster. 

A shrimp is small slender-bodied chiefly marine decapod crustaceans with a long tail and single pair of pincers; many species are edible. A shrimp can, more specifically, be a snapping shrimp. 

A snapping shrimp is small shrimp that makes a snapping noise with one of their enlarged chelae, also known as a pistol shrimp. 

A prawn is shrimp-like decapod crustacean having two pairs of pincers; most are edible. A prawn can, more specifically, be a long-clawed prawn. 

A long-clawed prawn is large (a foot or more) edible freshwater prawn common in Australian rivers, also known as a river prawn, or a Palaemon australis. 

A tropical prawn is edible tropical and warm-water prawn. 

A hermit crab is small soft-bodied marine crustaceans living in cast-off shells of gastropods. 

A crab is decapod having eyes on short stalks and a broad flattened carapace with a small abdomen folded under the thorax and pincers. A crab is either a Jonah crab, a stone crab, a soft-shell crab, a rock crab, a spider crab, a pea crab, a king crab, a fiddler crab, a swimming crab, a Dungeness crab, or a hard-shell crab. 

A Jonah crab is large red deep-water crab of the eastern coast of North America, also known as a Cancer borealis. 

A stone crab is large edible crab of the southern coast of the United States (particularly Florida), also known as a Menippe mercenaria. 

A soft-shell crab is edible crab that has recently molted and not yet formed its new shell, also known as a soft-shelled crab. 

A rock crab is crab of eastern coast of North America, also known as a Cancer irroratus. 

A spider crab is any of numerous crabs with very long legs and small triangular bodies. A spider crab is either a European spider crab, or a giant crab. 

A European spider crab is a large spider crab of Europe, also known as a king crab, or a Maja squinado. 

A giant crab is very large deep-water Japanese crab, also known as an Macrocheira kaempferi. 

A pea crab is tiny soft-bodied crab living commensally in the mantles of certain bivalve mollusks. A pea crab can, more specifically, be a oyster crab. 

An oyster crab is tiny soft-bodied crab living within the mantle cavity of oysters, also known as a Pinnotheres ostreum. 

A king crab is large edible crab of northern Pacific waters especially along the coasts of Alaska and Japan, also known as a Alaska crab, a Alaskan king crab, a Alaska king crab, or a Paralithodes camtschatica. 

A fiddler crab is burrowing crab of American coastal regions having one claw much enlarged in the male. 

A swimming crab is marine crab with some legs flattened and fringed for swimming. A swimming crab is either a American lady crab, a English lady crab, or a blue crab. 

A American lady crab is brightly spotted crab of sandy beaches of the Atlantic coast of the United States, also known as a lady crab, a calico crab, or a Ovalipes ocellatus. 

A English lady crab is crab of the English coasts, also known as a Portunus puber. 

A blue crab is bluish edible crab of Atlantic and Gulf Coasts of North America, also known as a Callinectes sapidus. 

A Dungeness crab is small edible crab of Pacific coast of North America, also known as a Cancer magister. 

A hard-shell crab is edible crab that has not recently molted and so has a hard shell. 

A crayfish is small freshwater decapod crustacean that resembles a lobster, also known as a crawfish, a crawdad, or a crawdaddy. A crayfish is either a Old World crayfish, or a American crayfish. 

A Old World crayfish is small crayfish of Europe and Asia and western North America, also known as an ecrevisse. 

A American crayfish is common large crayfishes of eastern North America. 

A lobster is any of several edible marine crustaceans of the families Homaridae and Nephropsidae and Palinuridae. A lobster is either a Norway lobster, a true lobster, or a spiny lobster. 

A Norway lobster is edible European lobster resembling the American lobster but slenderer, also known as a Nephrops norvegicus. 

A true lobster is large edible marine crustaceans having large pincers on the first pair of legs. A true lobster is either a Cape lobster, a European lobster, or a American lobster. 

A Cape lobster is small lobster of southern Africa, also known as a Homarus capensis. 

A European lobster is lobster of Atlantic coast of Europe, also known as a Homarus vulgaris. 

A American lobster is lobster of Atlantic coast of America, also known as a Northern lobster, a Maine lobster, or a Homarus americanus. 

A spiny lobster is large edible marine crustacean having a spiny carapace but lacking the large pincers of true lobsters, also known as a langouste, a rock lobster, a crawfish, a crayfish, or a sea crawfish. 

A copepod is minute marine or freshwater crustaceans usually having six pairs of limbs on the thorax; some abundant in plankton and others parasitic on fish, also known as a copepod crustacean. A copepod is either a fish louse, a brit, or a cyclops. 

A fish louse is a kind of copepod. 

A brit is minute crustaceans forming food for right whales, also known as a britt. 

A cyclops is minute free-swimming freshwater copepod having a large median eye and pear-shaped body and long antennae used in swimming; important in some food chains and as intermediate hosts of parasitic worms that affect man e.g. Guinea worms, also known as a water flea. 

A brachyuran is typical crabs. 

A barnacle is marine crustaceans with feathery food-catching appendages; free-swimming as larvae; as adults form a hard shell and live attached to submerged surfaces, also known as a cirriped, or a cirripede. A barnacle is either an acorn barnacle, or a goose barnacle. 

An acorn barnacle is barnacle that attaches to rocks especially in intertidal zones, also known as a rock barnacle, or a Balanus balanoides. 

A goose barnacle is stalked barnacle that attaches to ship bottoms or floating timbers, also known as a gooseneck barnacle, or a Lepas fascicularis. 

A Merostomata is used in some classifications; includes the orders Xiphosura and Eurypterida, also known as a class Merostomata. 

A trilobite is an extinct arthropod that was abundant in Paleozoic times; had an exoskeleton divided into three parts. 

An arachnid is air-breathing arthropods characterized by simple eyes and four pairs of legs, also known as an arachnoid. An arachnid is either a scorpion, a spider, a whip-scorpion, an acarine, a harvestman, or a false scorpion. 

A scorpion is arachnid of warm dry regions having a long segmented tail ending in a venomous stinger. 

A spider is predatory arachnid with eight legs, two poison fangs, two feelers, and usually two silk-spinning organs at the back end of the body; they spin silk to make cocoons for eggs or traps for prey. A spider is either a wolf spider, a barn spider, an orb-weaving spider, a garden spider, a trap-door spider, a black and gold garden spider, a black widow, a tarantula, or a comb-footed spider. 

A wolf spider is ground spider that hunts its prey instead of using a web, also known as a hunting spider. A wolf spider can, more specifically, be a European wolf spider. 

A European wolf spider is large southern European spider once thought to be the cause of tarantism (uncontrollable bodily movement), also known as a tarantula, or a Lycosa tarentula. 

A barn spider is an orange and tan spider with darkly banded legs that spins an orb web daily, also known as a Araneus cavaticus. 

An orb-weaving spider is a spider that spins a circular (or near circular) web. 

A garden spider is a spider common in European gardens, also known as a Aranea diademata. 

A trap-door spider is American spider that constructs a silk-lined nest with a hinged lid. 

A black and gold garden spider is a widely distributed North American garden spider, also known as a Argiope aurantia. 

A black widow is venomous New World spider; the female is black with an hourglass-shaped red mark on the underside of the abdomen, also known as a Latrodectus mactans. 

A tarantula is large hairy tropical spider with fangs that can inflict painful but not highly venomous bites. 

A comb-footed spider is spider having a comb-like row of bristles on each hind foot, also known as a theridiid. 

A whip-scorpion is nonvenomous arachnid that resembles a scorpion and that has a long thin tail without a stinger, also known as a whip scorpion. A whip-scorpion can, more specifically, be a vinegarroon. 

A vinegarroon is large whip-scorpion of Mexico and southern United States that emits a vinegary odor when alarmed, also known as a Mastigoproctus giganteus. 

An acarine is mite or tick. An acarine is either a mite, or a tick. 

A mite is any of numerous very small to minute arachnids often infesting animals or plants or stored foods. A mite is either a trombiculid, an itch mite, an acarus, a web-spinning mite, a trombidiid, a spider mite, a rust mite, or an acarid. 

A trombiculid is mite that as nymph and adult feeds on early stages of small arthropods but whose larvae are parasitic on terrestrial vertebrates. A trombiculid can, more specifically, be a harvest mite. 

A harvest mite is larval mite that sucks the blood of vertebrates including human beings causing intense irritation, also known as a chigger, a jigger, or a redbug. 

An itch mite is whitish mites that attack the skin of humans and other animals, also known as a sarcoptid. 

An acarus is any of several mites of the order Acarina, also known as a genus Acarus. 

A web-spinning mite is a mite that spins a web. 

A trombidiid is mite that in all stages feeds on other arthropods. 

A spider mite is web-spinning mite that attacks garden plants and fruit trees, also known as a tetranychid. A spider mite can, more specifically, be a red spider. 

A red spider is small web-spinning mite; a serious orchard pest, also known as a red spider mite, or a Panonychus ulmi. 

A rust mite is any of several varieties of mite that burrow into plants and cause a reddish-brown discoloration on the leaves or fruit. 

An acarid is very small free-living arachnid that is parasitic on animals or plants; related to ticks. 

A tick is any of two families of small parasitic arachnids with barbed proboscis; feed on blood of warm-blooded animals. A tick is either a soft tick, or a hard tick. 

A soft tick is tick lacking a dorsal shield and having mouth parts on the under side of the head, also known as an argasid. 

A hard tick is ticks having a hard shield on the back and mouth parts that project from the head, also known as an ixodid. A hard tick is either a wood tick, a Ixodes neotomae, a Ixodes dammini, a Ixodes persulcatus, a Ixodes scapularis, a Ixodes dentatus, a sheep-tick, a Ixodes spinipalpis, or a Ixodes pacificus. 

A wood tick is common tick that can transmit Rocky Mountain spotted fever and tularemia, also known as a American dog tick, or a Dermacentor variabilis. 

A Ixodes neotomae is a tick that usually does not bite humans; transmits Lyme disease spirochete to dusky-footed wood rats. 

A Ixodes dammini is a northeastern tick now recognized as same species as Ixodes scapularis, also known as a deer tick. 

A Ixodes persulcatus is bites humans; a vector for Lyme disease spirochete. 

A Ixodes scapularis is parasitic on mice of genus Peromyscus and bites humans; principal vector for Lyme disease in eastern United States (especially New England); northern form was for a time known as Ixodes dammini (deer tick), also known as a black-legged tick. 

A Ixodes dentatus is usually does not bite humans; transmits Lyme disease spirochete to cottontail rabbits and wood rats. 

A sheep-tick is parasitic on sheep and cattle as well as humans; can transmit looping ill in sheep (acute viral disease of the nervous system); a vector for Lyme disease spirochete, also known as a sheep tick, or a Ixodes ricinus. 

A Ixodes spinipalpis is usually does not bite humans; transmits Lyme disease spirochete to cottontail rabbits and wood rats. 

A Ixodes pacificus is a tick that feeds on dusky-footed wood rat and bites humans; principal vector for Lyme disease in western United States especially northern California, also known as a western black-legged tick. 

A harvestman is spiderlike arachnid with a small rounded body and very long thin legs, also known as a daddy longlegs, or a Phalangium opilio. 

A false scorpion is small nonvenomous arachnid resembling a tailless scorpion, also known as a pseudoscorpion. A false scorpion can, more specifically, be a book scorpion. 

A book scorpion is minute arachnid sometimes found in old papers, also known as a Chelifer cancroides. 

A sea spider is any of various small spiderlike marine arthropods having small thin bodies and long slender legs, also known as a pycnogonid. 

A myriapod is general term for any terrestrial arthropod having an elongated body composed of many similar segments: e.g. centipedes and millipedes. 

A tongue worm is wormlike arthropod having two pairs of hooks at the sides of the mouth; parasitic in nasal sinuses of mammals, also known as a pentastomid. 

A Asian horseshoe crab is horseshoe crab of the coast of eastern Asia. 

An instar is an insect or other arthropod between molts. 

A centipede is chiefly nocturnal predacious arthropod having a flattened body of 15 to 173 segments each with a pair of legs, the foremost pair being modified as prehensors. A centipede can, more specifically, be a house centipede. 

A house centipede is long-legged centipede common in damp places as e.g. cellars, also known as a Scutigera coleoptrata. 

An insect is small air-breathing arthropod. An insect is either a phasmid, a mecopteran, a trichopterous insect, a thysanopter, a thysanuran insect, a gallfly, a heteropterous insect, an earwig, a holometabola, a proturan, an imago, an ephemerid, a defoliator, a leaf miner, a hymenopterous insect, an orthopterous insect, a web spinner, a pollinator, a beetle, a homopterous insect, an ephemeron, a social insect, an odonate, a collembolan, a lepidopterous insect, a neuropteron, a bird louse, a louse, a dipterous insect, a psocopterous insect, a dictyopterous insect, a termite, a worker, a bug, a hemipterous insect, a pupa, a flea, a stonefly, or a queen. 

A phasmid is large cylindrical or flattened mostly tropical insects with long strong legs that feed on plants; walking sticks and leaf insects, also known as a phasmid insect. A phasmid is either a walking stick, or a walking leaf. 

A walking stick is any of various mostly tropical insects having long twiglike bodies, also known as a walkingstick, or a stick insect. A walking stick can, more specifically, be a diapheromera. 

A diapheromera is a variety of stick insect, also known as a Diapheromera femorata. 

A walking leaf is tropical insect having a flattened leaflike body; common in southern Asia and the East Indies, also known as a leaf insect. 

A mecopteran is any of various carnivorous insects of the order Mecoptera. A mecopteran is either a hanging fly, or a scorpion fly. 

A hanging fly is any of various mecopterous insects of the family Bittacidae. 

A scorpion fly is any of various mecopterous insects of the family Panorpidae of the northern hemisphere having a long beak and long antennae; males have a tail like that of a scorpion except it is not venomous. 

A trichopterous insect is caddis fly, also known as a trichopteran, or a trichopteron. A trichopterous insect can, more specifically, be a caddis fly. 

A caddis fly is small moth-like insect having two pairs of hairy membranous wings and aquatic larvae, also known as a caddis-fly, a caddice fly, or a caddice-fly. 

A thysanopter is an insect of the order Thysanoptera, also known as a thysanopteron, or a thysanopterous insect. A thysanopter can, more specifically, be a thrips. 

A thrips is any of various small to minute sucking insects with narrow feathery wings if any; they feed on plant sap and many are destructive, also known as a thrip, or a thripid. A thrips is either a tobacco thrips, or an onion thrips. 

A tobacco thrips is injurious to growing tobacco and peanuts, also known as a Frankliniella fusca. 

An onion thrips is injurious to onion plants and sometimes tobacco, also known as an onion louse, or a Thrips tobaci. 

A thysanuran insect is primitive wingless insects: bristletail, also known as a thysanuron. A thysanuran insect is either a jumping bristletail, a bristletail, or a silverfish. 

A jumping bristletail is wingless insect living in dark moist places as under dead tree trunks; they make erratic leaps when disturbed, also known as a machilid. 

A bristletail is small wingless insect with a long bristlelike tail. A bristletail can, more specifically, be a firebrat. 

A firebrat is lives in warm moist areas e.g. around furnaces, also known as a Thermobia domestica. 

A silverfish is silver-grey wingless insect found in houses feeding on book bindings and starched clothing, also known as a Lepisma saccharina. 

A gallfly is any of various insects that deposit their eggs in plants causing galls in which the larvae feed. 

A heteropterous insect is true bugs: insects whose forewings are membranous but have leathery tips. A heteropterous insect is either a cotton stainer, an assassin bug, a water bug, or a firebug. 

A cotton stainer is a true bug: bug that damages and stains the lint of developing cotton. 

An assassin bug is a true bug: long-legged predacious bug living mostly on other insects; a few suck blood of mammals, also known as a reduviid. An assassin bug is either a conenose, or a wheel bug. 

A conenose is large bloodsucking bug, also known as a cone-nosed bug, a conenose bug, a big bedbug, or a kissing bug. 

A wheel bug is large predatory North American bug that sucks the blood of other insects, also known as a Arilus cristatus. 

A water bug is a true bug: large aquatic bug adapted to living in or on the surface of water. A water bug is either a water boatman, a water scorpion, a water strider, or a giant water bug. 

A water boatman is carnivorous aquatic bug having paddle-like hind legs, also known as a boat bug. 

A water scorpion is long-legged aquatic insect having the front legs fitted for seizing and holding prey and the abdomen extended by a long breathing tube. 

A water strider is long-legged bug that skims about on the surface of water, also known as a pond-skater, or a water skater. A water strider can, more specifically, be a common pond-skater. 

A common pond-skater is a variety of water strider, also known as a Gerris lacustris. 

A giant water bug is large water bug with piercing and sucking mouthparts; feeds on young fishes. 

A firebug is a true bug: brightly colored bug that can exude a stain. 

An earwig is any of numerous insects of the order Dermaptera having elongate bodies and slender many-jointed antennae and a pair of large pincers at the rear of the abdomen. An earwig can, more specifically, be a common European earwig. 

A common European earwig is sometimes destructive to cultivated bulbs, also known as a Forficula auricularia. 

A holometabola is insects that undergo complete metamorphosis, also known as a metabola. 

A proturan is any of several minute primitive wingless and eyeless insects having a cone-shaped head; inhabit damp soil or decaying organic matter, also known as a telsontail. 

An imago is an adult insect produced after metamorphosis. 

An ephemerid is short-lived insect, also known as an ephemeropteran. An ephemerid is either a Plectophera, or a mayfly. 

A Plectophera is in some former classifications: name for the Ephemeroptera. 

A mayfly is slender insect with delicate membranous wings having an aquatic larval stage and terrestrial adult stage usually lasting less than two days, also known as a dayfly, or a shadfly. 

A defoliator is an insect that strips the leaves from plants. 

A leaf miner is any of various small moths or dipterous flies whose larvae burrow into and feed on leaf tissue especially of the family Gracilariidae, also known as a leaf-miner. 

A hymenopterous insect is insects having two pairs of membranous wings and an ovipositor specialized for stinging or piercing, also known as a hymenopteran, a hymenopteron, or a hymenopter. A hymenopterous insect is either a chalcid fly, a sawfly, an ichneumon fly, a wasp, a bee, a Mutillidae, or an ant. 

A chalcid fly is any of various tiny insects whose larvae are parasites on eggs and larvae of other insects; many are beneficial in destroying injurious insects, also known as a chalcidfly, a chalcid, or a chalcid wasp. A chalcid fly can, more specifically, be a chalcis fly. 

A chalcis fly is a variety of chalcid fly. 

A sawfly is insect whose female has a saw-like ovipositor for inserting eggs into the leaf or stem tissue of a host plant. A sawfly can, more specifically, be a birch leaf miner. 

A birch leaf miner is small black sawfly native to Europe but established in eastern United States; larvae mine the leaves of birches causing serious defoliation, also known as a Fenusa pusilla. 

An ichneumon fly is hymenopterous insect that resembles a wasp and whose larvae are parasitic on caterpillars and other insect larvae. 

A wasp is social or solitary hymenopterans typically having a slender body with the abdomen attached by a narrow stalk and having a formidable sting. A wasp is either a gall wasp, a velvet ant, a vespid, or a sphecoid wasp. 

A gall wasp is small solitary wasp that produces galls on oaks and other plants, also known as a gallfly, a cynipid wasp, or a cynipid gall wasp. 

A velvet ant is a solitary wasp of the family Mutillidae; the body has a coat of brightly colored velvety hair and the females are wingless. 

A vespid is mostly social nest-building wasps, also known as a vespid wasp. A vespid is either a hornet, a paper wasp, a mason wasp, a common wasp, or a potter wasp. 

A hornet is large stinging paper wasp. A hornet is either a yellow jacket, a giant hornet, or a bald-faced hornet. 

A yellow jacket is small yellow-marked social wasp commonly nesting in the ground, also known as a yellow hornet, or a Vespula maculifrons. 

A giant hornet is European hornet introduced into the United States, also known as a Vespa crabro. 

A bald-faced hornet is North American hornet, also known as a white-faced hornet, or a Vespula maculata. 

A paper wasp is any of several social wasps that construct nests of a substance like paper. A paper wasp can, more specifically, be a Polistes annularis. 

A Polistes annularis is a variety of paper wasp. 

A mason wasp is any of various solitary wasps that construct nests of hardened mud for their young. 

A common wasp is a variety of vespid wasp, also known as a Vespula vulgaris. 

A potter wasp is any of various solitary wasps that construct vase-shaped cells of mud for their eggs. 

A sphecoid wasp is any of various solitary wasps, also known as a sphecoid. A sphecoid wasp is either a mud dauber, a mason wasp, or a digger wasp. 

A mud dauber is wasp that constructs mud cells on a solid base in which females place eggs laid in paralyzed insect larvae. 

A mason wasp is solitary wasp that constructs nests of hardened mud or clay for the young. 

A digger wasp is solitary wasp that digs nests in the soil and stocks them with paralyzed insects for the larvae. A digger wasp can, more specifically, be a cicada killer. 

A cicada killer is large black or rust-colored wasp that preys on cicadas, also known as a Sphecius speciosis. 

A bee is any of numerous hairy-bodied insects including social and solitary species. A bee is either a cuckoo-bumblebee, an andrena, a bumblebee, a mason bee, a leaf-cutting bee, a carpenter bee, a drone, a Nomia melanderi, a honeybee, or a potter bee. 

A cuckoo-bumblebee is a bee that is parasitic in the nests of bumblebees. 

An andrena is a bee that is a member of the genus Andrena, also known as an andrenid, or a mining bee. 

A bumblebee is robust hairy social bee of temperate regions, also known as a humblebee. 

A mason bee is any of numerous solitary bees that build nests of hardened mud and sand. 

A leaf-cutting bee is bee that cuts rounded pieces from leaves and flowers to line its nest, also known as a leaf-cutter, or a leaf-cutter bee. 

A carpenter bee is large solitary bee that lays eggs in tunnels bored into wood or plant stems. 

A drone is stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen. 

A Nomia melanderi is a common solitary bee important for pollinating alfalfa in the western United States, also known as an alkali bee. 

A honeybee is social bee often domesticated for the honey it produces, also known as a Apis mellifera. A honeybee is either a Carniolan bee, a black bee, a Italian bee, or a Africanized bee. 

A Carniolan bee is greyish highly productive European honeybee that has a quiet disposition. 

A black bee is dark-colored ill-tempered honeybee supposedly of German origin, also known as a German bee. 

A Italian bee is yellowish honeybee resembling the Carniolan bee in its habits. 

A Africanized bee is a strain of bees that originated in Brazil in the 1950s as a cross between an aggressive African bee and a honeybee; retains most of the traits of the African bee; now spread as far north as Texas, also known as a Africanized honey bee, a killer bee, a Apis mellifera scutellata, or a Apis mellifera adansonii. 

A potter bee is solitary bee that builds nests of mud or pebbles cemented together and attached to a plant. 

A Mutillidae is a family of wasps, also known as a family Mutillidae. 

An ant is social insect living in organized colonies; characteristically the males and fertile queen have wings during breeding season; wingless sterile females are the workers, also known as an emmet, or a pismire. An ant is either a fire ant, a pharaoh ant, a slave ant, a wood ant, a little black ant, a slave-making ant, an army ant, a carpenter ant, or a bulldog ant. 

A fire ant is omnivorous ant of tropical and subtropical America that can inflict a painful sting. 

A pharaoh ant is small red ant of warm regions; a common household pest, also known as a pharaoh's ant, or a Monomorium pharaonis. 

A slave ant is any of various ants captured as larvae and enslaved by another species. A slave ant can, more specifically, be a Formica fusca. 

A Formica fusca is an ant frequently enslaved. 

A wood ant is reddish-brown European ant typically living in anthills in woodlands, also known as a Formica rufa. 

A little black ant is tiny glossy black ant; nests outdoors but invades houses for food, also known as a Monomorium minimum. 

A slave-making ant is an ant that attacks colonies of other ant species and carries off the young to be reared as slave ants, also known as a slave-maker. A slave-making ant is either a sanguinary ant, or a Amazon ant. 

A sanguinary ant is slave-making ant widely distributed over the northern hemisphere, also known as a Formica sanguinea. 

A Amazon ant is small reddish slave-making ant species, also known as a Polyergus rufescens. 

An army ant is tropical nomadic ant that preys mainly on other insects, also known as a driver ant, or a legionary ant. 

A carpenter ant is ant that nests in decaying wood in which it bores tunnels for depositing eggs. 

A bulldog ant is any of the large fierce Australian ants of the genus Myrmecia. 

An orthopterous insect is any of various insects having leathery forewings and membranous hind wings and chewing mouthparts, also known as an orthopteron, or an orthopteran. An orthopterous insect is either a grasshopper, or a cricket. 

A grasshopper is terrestrial plant-eating insect with hind legs adapted for leaping, also known as a hopper. A grasshopper is either a long-horned grasshopper, or a short-horned grasshopper. 

A long-horned grasshopper is grasshoppers with long threadlike antennae and well-developed stridulating organs on the forewings of the male, also known as a tettigoniid. A long-horned grasshopper is either a sand cricket, or a katydid. 

A sand cricket is large wingless nocturnal grasshopper that burrows in loose soil along the Pacific coast of the United States, also known as a Jerusalem cricket, or a Stenopelmatus fuscus. 

A katydid is large green long-horned grasshopper of North America; males produce shrill sounds by rubbing together special organs on the forewings. A katydid can, more specifically, be a mormon cricket. 

A mormon cricket is large dark wingless cricket-like katydid of arid parts of western United States, also known as a Anabrus simplex. 

A short-horned grasshopper is grasshopper with short antennae, also known as an acridid. A short-horned grasshopper can, more specifically, be a locust. 

A locust is migratory grasshoppers of warm regions having short antennae. A locust is either a migratory grasshopper, or a migratory locust. 

A migratory grasshopper is serious pest of grain-growing and range areas of central and western United States. 

A migratory locust is Old World locust that travels in vast swarms stripping large areas of vegetation, also known as a Locusta migratoria. 

A cricket is leaping insect; male makes chirping noises by rubbing the forewings together. A cricket is either a field cricket, a mole cricket, a tree cricket, or a European house cricket. 

A field cricket is common American black cricket; attacks crops and also enters dwellings, also known as a Acheta assimilis. 

A mole cricket is digs in moist soil and feeds on plant roots. 

A tree cricket is pale arboreal American cricket noted for loud stridulation. A tree cricket can, more specifically, be a snowy tree cricket. 

A snowy tree cricket is pale yellowish tree cricket widely distributed in North America, also known as a Oecanthus fultoni. 

A European house cricket is lives in human dwellings; naturalized in parts of America, also known as a Acheta domestica. 

A web spinner is any of a small order of slender typically tropical insects that nest in colonies in silken tunnels that they spin. 

A pollinator is an insect that carries pollen from one flower to another. 

A beetle is insect having biting mouthparts and front wings modified to form horny covers overlying the membranous rear wings. A beetle is either a water beetle, a long-horned beetle, an elaterid beetle, a Asian longhorned beetle, a whirligig beetle, a leaf beetle, a weevil, a firefly, a carpet beetle, a deathwatch beetle, a rove beetle, a lamellicorn beetle, a bark beetle, a blister beetle, a clerid beetle, a ladybug, a ground beetle, or a tiger beetle. 

A water beetle is any of numerous aquatic beetles usually having a smooth oval body and flattened hind legs for swimming. 

A long-horned beetle is long-bodied beetle having very long antennae, also known as a longicorn, or a longicorn beetle. A long-horned beetle can, more specifically, be a sawyer. 

A sawyer is any of several beetles whose larvae bore holes in dead or dying trees especially conifers, also known as a sawyer beetle. A sawyer can, more specifically, be a pine sawyer. 

A pine sawyer is large beetle whose larvae bore holes in pine trees. 

An elaterid beetle is any of various widely distributed beetles, also known as an elater, or an elaterid. An elaterid beetle is either a firefly, or a click beetle. 

A firefly is tropical American click beetle having bright luminous spots, also known as a fire beetle, or a Pyrophorus noctiluca. 

A click beetle is able to right itself when on its back by flipping into the air with a clicking sound, also known as a skipjack, or a snapping beetle. 

A Asian longhorned beetle is a beetle from China that has been found in the United States and is a threat to hardwood trees; lives inside the tree; no natural predators in the United States, also known as a Anoplophora glabripennis. 

A whirligig beetle is aquatic beetle that circles rapidly on the water surface. 

A leaf beetle is brightly colored beetle that feeds on plant leaves; larvae infest roots and stems, also known as a chrysomelid. A leaf beetle is either a Colorado potato beetle, or a flea beetle. 

A Colorado potato beetle is black-and-yellow beetle that feeds in adult and larval stages on potato leaves; originally of eastern Rocky Mountains; now worldwide, also known as a Colorado beetle, a potato bug, a potato beetle, or a Leptinotarsa decemlineata. 

A flea beetle is any small leaf beetle having enlarged hind legs and capable of jumping. 

A weevil is any of several families of mostly small beetles that feed on plants and plant products; especially snout beetles and seed beetles. A weevil is either a seed beetle, a snout beetle, a boll weevil, a rice weevil, or a darkling beetle. 

A seed beetle is a small beetle that infests the seeds of legumes, also known as a seed weevil. A seed beetle is either a pea weevil, or a bean weevil. 

A pea weevil is larvae live in and feed on seeds of the pea plant, also known as a Bruchus pisorum. 

A bean weevil is larvae live in and feed on growing or stored beans, also known as a Acanthoscelides obtectus. 

A snout beetle is small weevil having a prolonged snout; destructive to e.g. grains and nuts. 

A boll weevil is greyish weevil that lays its eggs in cotton bolls destroying the cotton, also known as an Anthonomus grandis. 

A rice weevil is brown weevil that infests stored grain especially rice, also known as a black weevil, or a Sitophylus oryzae. 

A darkling beetle is sluggish hard-bodied black terrestrial weevil whose larvae feed on e.g. decaying plant material or grain, also known as a darkling groung beetle, or a tenebrionid. A darkling beetle can, more specifically, be a flour beetle. 

A flour beetle is an insect that infests flour and stored grains, also known as a flour weevil. 

A firefly is nocturnal beetle common in warm regions having luminescent abdominal organs, also known as a lightning bug. A firefly can, more specifically, be a glowworm. 

A glowworm is the luminous larva or wingless grub-like female of a firefly. 

A carpet beetle is small beetle whose larvae are household pests feeding on woolen fabrics, also known as a carpet bug. A carpet beetle is either a buffalo carpet beetle, or a black carpet beetle. 

A buffalo carpet beetle is a small black and red and white carpet beetle, also known as a Anthrenus scrophulariae. 

A black carpet beetle is a carpet beetle that is solid black in color. 

A deathwatch beetle is bores through wood making a ticking sound popularly thought to presage death, also known as a deathwatch, or a Xestobium rufovillosum. 

A rove beetle is active beetle typically having predatory or scavenging habits. 

A lamellicorn beetle is beetle having antennae with hard platelike terminal segments. A lamellicorn beetle is either a stag beetle, or a scarabaeid beetle. 

A stag beetle is a kind of lamellicorn beetle; the male has branched mandibles resembling antlers. 

A scarabaeid beetle is any of numerous species of stout-bodied beetles having heads with horny spikes, also known as a scarabaeid, or a scarabaean. A scarabaeid beetle is either a dung beetle, a Oriental beetle, a June beetle, a Japanese beetle, a melolonthid beetle, a rose chafer, or a rhinoceros beetle. 

A dung beetle is any of numerous beetles that roll balls of dung on which they feed and in which they lay eggs. A dung beetle is either a scarab, a tumblebug, or a dorbeetle. 

A scarab is scarabaeid beetle considered divine by ancient Egyptians, also known as a scarabaeus, or a Scarabaeus sacer. 

A tumblebug is any of various dung beetles. 

A dorbeetle is Old World dung beetle that flies with a droning sound. 

A Oriental beetle is introduced into United States from the Orient; larvae feed on roots of sugarcane and other grasses, also known as a Asiatic beetle, or a Anomala orientalis. 

A June beetle is any of various large usually brown North American leaf-eating beetles common in late spring; the larvae feed on roots of grasses etc., also known as a June bug, a May bug, or a May beetle. A June beetle can, more specifically, be a green June beetle. 

A green June beetle is large greenish June beetle of southern United States, also known as a figeater. 

A Japanese beetle is small metallic green and brown beetle native to eastern Asia; serious plant pest in North America, also known as a Popillia japonica. 

A melolonthid beetle is any of various beetles of the family (or subfamily) Melolonthidae. A melolonthid beetle is either a cockchafer, or a rose chafer. 

A cockchafer is any of various large European beetles destructive to vegetation as both larvae and adult, also known as a May bug, a May beetle, or a Melolontha melolontha. 

A rose chafer is common North American beetle: larvae feed on roots and adults on leaves and flowers of e.g. rose bushes or apple trees or grape vines, also known as a rose bug, or a Macrodactylus subspinosus. 

A rose chafer is a common metallic green European beetle: larvae feed on plant roots and adults on leaves and flowers of e.g. roses, also known as a rose beetle, or a Cetonia aurata. 

A rhinoceros beetle is any of various large chiefly tropical beetles having horns on the head; pest on coconuts. 

A bark beetle is small beetle that bores tunnels in the bark and wood of trees; related to weevils. A bark beetle is either a Dutch-elm beetle, or a spruce bark beetle. 

A Dutch-elm beetle is a vector of the fungus causing Dutch elm disease, also known as a Scolytus multistriatus. 

A spruce bark beetle is small beetle that likes to bore through the bark of spruce trees and eat the cambium which eventually kills the tree, also known as a Dendroctonus rufipennis. 

A blister beetle is beetle that produces a secretion that blisters the skin, also known as a meloid. A blister beetle is either a Spanish fly, or an oil beetle. 

A Spanish fly is green beetle of southern Europe. 

An oil beetle is any of various beetles that exude an oily substance from the leg joints that deters enemies. 

A clerid beetle is predacious on other insects; usually brightly colored or metallic, also known as a clerid. A clerid beetle can, more specifically, be a bee beetle. 

A bee beetle is European beetle; infests beehives. 

A ladybug is small round bright-colored and spotted beetle that usually feeds on aphids and other insect pests, also known as a ladybeetle, a lady beetle, a ladybird, or a ladybird beetle. A ladybug is either a two-spotted ladybug, a Mexican bean beetle, a Hippodamia convergens, or a vedalia. 

A two-spotted ladybug is red ladybug with a black spot on each wing, also known as a Adalia bipunctata. 

A Mexican bean beetle is introduced into the United States from Mexico; feeds on the foliage of the bean plant, also known as a bean beetle, or a Epilachna varivestis. 

A Hippodamia convergens is a variety of ladybug. 

A vedalia is native to Australia; introduced elsewhere to control scale insects, also known as a Rodolia cardinalis. 

A ground beetle is predacious shining black or metallic terrestrial beetle that destroys many injurious insects, also known as a carabid beetle. A ground beetle is either a calosoma, or a bombardier beetle. 

A calosoma is any beetle of the genus Calosoma. A calosoma can, more specifically, be a searcher. 

A searcher is large metallic blue-green beetle that preys on caterpillars; found in North America, also known as a searcher beetle, or a Calosoma scrutator. 

A bombardier beetle is beetle that ejects audibly a pungent vapor when disturbed. 

A tiger beetle is active usually bright-colored beetle that preys on other insects. 

A homopterous insect is insects having membranous forewings and hind wings, also known as a homopteran. A homopterous insect is either a leafhopper, a coccid insect, a plant louse, a whitefly, a spittle insect, a cicada, or a plant hopper. 

A leafhopper is small leaping insect that sucks the juices of plants. A leafhopper can, more specifically, be a jassid. 

A jassid is a variety of leafhopper. 

A coccid insect is scale insects and mealybugs. A coccid insect is either a scale insect, or a mealybug. 

A scale insect is small homopterous insect that usually lives and feeds on plants and secretes a protective waxy covering. A scale insect is either an armored scale, a cochineal insect, a wax insect, or a soft scale. 

An armored scale is insect having a firm covering of wax especially in the female. An armored scale can, more specifically, be a San Jose scale. 

A San Jose scale is small east Asian insect naturalized in the United States that damages fruit trees, also known as a Aspidiotus perniciosus. 

A cochineal insect is Mexican red scale insect that feeds on cacti; the source of a red dye, also known as a cochineal, or a Dactylopius coccus. 

A wax insect is any of various insects that secrete a waxy substance. 

A soft scale is an insect active in all stages. A soft scale can, more specifically, be a brown soft scale. 

A brown soft scale is pest on citrus trees, also known as a Coccus hesperidum. 

A mealybug is scalelike plant-eating insect coated with a powdery waxy secretion; destructive especially of fruit trees, also known as a mealy bug. A mealybug is either a citrophilous mealybug, a citrus mealybug, or a Comstock mealybug. 

A citrophilous mealybug is destructive especially to citrus, also known as a citrophilus mealybug, or a Pseudococcus fragilis. 

A citrus mealybug is feeds on a wide variety of cultivated plants but especially destructive to citrus, also known as a Planococcus citri. 

A Comstock mealybug is Asiatic insect introduced accidentally into United States; pest on citrus and apple trees, also known as a Comstock's mealybug, or a Pseudococcus comstocki. 

A plant louse is any of several small insects especially aphids that feed by sucking the juices from plants, also known as a louse. A plant louse is either a jumping plant louse, an oak blight, a grape louse, an aphid, or an adelgid. 

A jumping plant louse is small active cicada-like insect with hind legs adapted for leaping; feeds on plant juices, also known as a psylla, or a psyllid. 

An oak blight is a black plant louse that lives on oaks and dogwoods. 

A grape louse is destructive to various grape plants, also known as a grape phylloxera, or a Phylloxera vitifoleae. 

An aphid is any of various small plant-sucking insects. An aphid is either a blackfly, a woolly aphid, an ant cow, an apple aphid, or a greenfly. 

A blackfly is blackish aphid that infests e.g. beans and sugar beets, also known as a bean aphid, or a Aphis fabae. 

A woolly aphid is secretes a waxy substance like a mass of fine curly white cotton or woolly threads, also known as a woolly plant louse. A woolly aphid is either a woolly alder aphid, or a woolly apple aphid. 

A woolly alder aphid is attacks alders, also known as a Prociphilus tessellatus. 

A woolly apple aphid is primarily a bark feeder on aerial parts and roots of apple and other trees, also known as a American blight, or a Eriosoma lanigerum. 

An ant cow is excretes a honeylike substance eaten by ants. 

An apple aphid is bright green aphid; feeds on and causes curling of apple leaves, also known as a green apple aphid, or a Aphis pomi. 

A greenfly is greenish aphid; pest on garden and crop plants. A greenfly is either a green peach aphid, or a pale chrysanthemum aphid. 

A green peach aphid is yellowish green aphid that is especially destructive to peaches. 

A pale chrysanthemum aphid is important pest of chrysanthemums. 

An adelgid is any of various insects that feed and form galls on conifers. An adelgid is either a pine leaf aphid, a balsam woolly aphid, a spruce gall aphid, or a woolly adelgid. 

A pine leaf aphid is a variety of adelgid, also known as a Pineus pinifoliae. 

A balsam woolly aphid is a variety of adelgid, also known as a Adelges piceae. 

A spruce gall aphid is a variety of adelgid, also known as a Adelges abietis. 

A woolly adelgid is an insect that feeds on hemlocks; its egg sacs are small fuzzy white balls like artificial snow on a Christmas tree. 

A whitefly is minute insect that feeds on plant juices; related to scale insects. A whitefly is either a citrus whitefly, a greenhouse whitefly, or a sweet-potato whitefly. 

A citrus whitefly is whitefly that attacks citrus trees, also known as a Dialeurodes citri. 

A greenhouse whitefly is whitefly that inhabits greenhouses, also known as a Trialeurodes vaporariorum. 

A sweet-potato whitefly is a variety of whitefly. A sweet-potato whitefly is either a cotton strain, or a superbug. 

A cotton strain is feeds primarily on cotton. 

A superbug is a strain of pest accidentally imported into Florida from the Middle East then spread to California where it is a very serious pest feeding on almost all vegetable crops and poinsettias, also known as a Bemisia tabaci, or a poinsettia strain. 

A spittle insect is small leaping herbivorous insect that lives in a mass of protective froth which it and its larvae secrete, also known as a spittlebug. A spittle insect is either a pine spittlebug, a meadow spittlebug, a Saratoga spittlebug, or a froghopper. 

A pine spittlebug is North American insect that attacks pines. 

A meadow spittlebug is North American insect that severely damages grasses, also known as a Philaenus spumarius. 

A Saratoga spittlebug is feeds on pines in northern United States, also known as a Aphrophora saratogensis. 

A froghopper is a variety of spittlebug. 

A cicada is stout-bodied insect with large membranous wings; male has drum-like organs for producing a high-pitched drone, also known as a cicala. A cicada is either a seventeen-year locust, or a dog-day cicada. 

A seventeen-year locust is North American cicada; appears in great numbers at infrequent intervals because the nymphs take 13 to 17 years to mature, also known as a periodical cicada, or a Magicicada septendecim. 

A dog-day cicada is its distinctive song is heard during July and August, also known as a harvest fly. 

A plant hopper is related to the leafhoppers and spittlebugs but rarely damages cultivated plants, also known as a planthopper. A plant hopper is either a treehopper, or a lantern fly. 

A treehopper is small leaping insect that sucks juices of branches and twigs. 

A lantern fly is large brightly marked tropical insect with a process like a snout that was formerly thought to emit light, also known as a lantern-fly. 

An ephemeron is anything short-lived, as an insect that lives only for a day in its winged form, also known as an ephemeral. 

A social insect is an insect that lives in a colony with other insects of the same species. 

An odonate is large primitive predatory aquatic insect having two pairs of membranous wings. An odonate is either a dragonfly, or a damselfly. 

A dragonfly is slender-bodied non-stinging insect having iridescent wings that are outspread at rest; adults and nymphs feed on mosquitoes etc., also known as a darning needle, a devil's darning needle, a sewing needle, a snake feeder, a snake doctor, a mosquito hawk, or a skeeter hawk. 

A damselfly is slender non-stinging insect similar to but smaller than the dragonfly but having wings folded when at rest. 

A collembolan is any of numerous minute wingless primitive insects possessing a special abdominal appendage that allows the characteristic nearly perpetual springing pattern; found in soil rich in organic debris or on the surface of snow or water, also known as a springtail. 

A lepidopterous insect is insect that in the adult state has four wings more or less covered with tiny scales, also known as a lepidopteron, or a lepidopteran. A lepidopterous insect is either a butterfly, or a moth. 

A butterfly is diurnal insect typically having a slender body with knobbed antennae and broad colorful wings. A butterfly is either a lycaenid, a sulphur butterfly, a danaid, a pierid, a nymphalid, or a ringlet. 

A lycaenid is any of various butterflies of the family Lycaenidae, also known as a lycaenid butterfly. A lycaenid is either a copper, a hairstreak, or a blue. 

A copper is any of various small butterflies of the family Lycaenidae having coppery wings. A copper can, more specifically, be a American copper. 

A American copper is common copper butterfly of central and eastern North America, also known as a Lycaena hypophlaeas. 

A hairstreak is small butterflies having striped markings under the wings, also known as a hairstreak butterfly. A hairstreak can, more specifically, be a Strymon melinus. 

A Strymon melinus is larvae are pests of various economic plants. 

A blue is any of numerous small butterflies of the family Lycaenidae. 

A sulphur butterfly is any of numerous yellow or orange butterflies, also known as a sulfur butterfly. 

A danaid is large tropical butterfly with degenerate forelegs and an unpleasant taste, also known as a danaid butterfly. A danaid can, more specifically, be a monarch. 

A monarch is large migratory American butterfly having deep orange wings with black and white markings; the larvae feed on milkweed, also known as a monarch butterfly, a milkweed butterfly, or a Danaus plexippus. 

A pierid is any of numerous pale-colored butterflies having three pairs of well-developed legs, also known as a pierid butterfly. A pierid can, more specifically, be a cabbage butterfly. 

A cabbage butterfly is white butterfly whose larvae (cabbageworms) feed on cabbage. A cabbage butterfly is either a southern cabbage butterfly, a large white, or a small white. 

A southern cabbage butterfly is common North American form of cabbage butterfly, also known as a Pieris protodice. 

A large white is Old World form of cabbage butterfly, also known as a Pieris brassicae. 

A small white is small widely distributed form, also known as a Pieris rapae. 

A nymphalid is medium to large butterflies found worldwide typically having brightly colored wings and much-reduced nonfunctional forelegs carried folded on the breast, also known as a nymphalid butterfly, a brush-footed butterfly, or a four-footed butterfly. A nymphalid is either a white admiral, a fritillary, an admiral, a peacock, a viceroy, a red admiral, a red-spotted purple, a banded purple, a tortoiseshell, a mourning cloak, a comma, a painted beauty, an anglewing, or an emperor butterfly. 

A white admiral is Eurasian butterfly with brown wings and white markings, also known as a Limenitis camilla. 

A fritillary is butterfly with brownish wings marked with black and silver. A fritillary can, more specifically, be a silverspot. 

A silverspot is butterfly with silver spots on the underside of the hind wings. 

An admiral is any of several brightly colored butterflies. 

A peacock is European butterfly having reddish-brown wings each marked with a purple eyespot, also known as a peacock butterfly, or a Inachis io. 

A viceroy is showy American butterfly resembling the monarch but smaller, also known as a Limenitis archippus. 

A red admiral is of temperate Europe and Asia; having black wings with red and white markings, also known as a Vanessa atalanta. 

A red-spotted purple is similar to the banded purple but with red spots on underwing surfaces, also known as a Limenitis astyanax. 

A banded purple is North American butterfly with blue-black wings crossed by a broad white band, also known as a white admiral, or a Limenitis arthemis. 

A tortoiseshell is brilliantly colored; larvae feed on nettles, also known as a tortoiseshell butterfly. 

A mourning cloak is of temperate regions; having dark purple wings with yellow borders, also known as a mourning cloak butterfly, a Camberwell beauty, or a Nymphalis antiopa. 

A comma is anglewing butterfly with a comma-shaped mark on the underside of each hind wing, also known as a comma butterfly, or a Polygonia comma. 

A painted beauty is American butterfly having dark brown wings with white and golden orange spots, also known as a Vanessa virginiensis. 

An anglewing is nymphalid butterfly having angular notches on the outer edges of the forewings. 

An emperor butterfly is large richly colored butterfly, also known as an emperor. An emperor butterfly can, more specifically, be a purple emperor. 

A purple emperor is large European butterfly the male of which has wings shaded with purple, also known as a Apatura iris. 

A ringlet is any of various butterflies belonging to the family Satyridae, also known as a ringlet butterfly. 

A moth is typically crepuscular or nocturnal insect having a stout body and feathery or hairlike antennae. A moth is either a lymantriid, a saturniid, a hawkmoth, a noctuid moth, a tineoid, a pyralid, an arctiid, a moth miller, a geometrid, a bombycid, a gelechiid, a tent-caterpillar moth, a lasiocampid, or a tortricid. 

A lymantriid is dull-colored moth whose larvae have tufts of hair on the body and feed on the leaves of many deciduous trees, also known as a tussock moth. A lymantriid is either a gold-tail moth, a browntail, or a gypsy moth. 

A gold-tail moth is white furry-bodied European moth with a yellow tail tuft, also known as a Euproctis chrysorrhoea. 

A browntail is small brown and white European moth introduced into eastern United States; pest of various shade and fruit trees, also known as a brown-tail moth, or a Euproctis phaeorrhoea. 

A gypsy moth is European moth introduced into North America; a serious pest of shade trees, also known as a gipsy moth, or a Lymantria dispar. 

A saturniid is large brightly colored and usually tropical moth; larvae spin silken cocoons, also known as a saturniid moth. A saturniid is either a giant silkworm moth, a luna moth, a cecropia, an io moth, a tussah, an imperial moth, a polyphemus moth, an emperor, or a pernyi moth. 

A giant silkworm moth is any silkworm moth of the family Saturniidae, also known as a silkworm moth. A giant silkworm moth is either an atlas moth, or a cynthia moth. 

An atlas moth is giant saturniid moth widespread in Asia; sometimes cultured for silk, also known as a Atticus atlas. 

A cynthia moth is large Asiatic moth introduced into the United States; larvae feed on the ailanthus, also known as a Samia cynthia, or a Samia walkeri. 

A luna moth is large pale-green American moth with long-tailed hind wings and a yellow crescent-shaped mark on each forewing, also known as a Actias luna. 

A cecropia is North American silkworm moth; larvae feed on the leaves of forest trees, also known as a cecropia moth, or a Hyalophora cecropia. 

An io moth is large yellow American moth having a large eyelike spot on each hind wing; the larvae have stinging spines, also known as a Automeris io. 

A tussah is oriental moth that produces brownish silk, also known as a tusseh, a tussur, a tussore, a tusser, or a Antheraea mylitta. 

An imperial moth is large American moth having yellow wings with purplish or brownish markings; larvae feed on e.g. maple and pine trees, also known as a Eacles imperialis. 

A polyphemus moth is very large yellowish-brown American silkworm moth with large eyespots on hind wings; larvae feed on fruit and shade trees, also known as a Antheraea polyphemus. 

An emperor is large moth of temperate forests of Eurasia having heavily scaled transparent wings, also known as an emperor moth, or a Saturnia pavonia. 

A pernyi moth is a Chinese moth that produces a brownish silk, also known as a Antheraea pernyi. 

A hawkmoth is any of various moths with long narrow forewings capable of powerful flight and hovering over flowers to feed, also known as a hawk moth, a sphingid, a sphinx moth, or a hummingbird moth. A hawkmoth is either a death's-head moth, a Manduca sexta, or a Manduca quinquemaculata. 

A death's-head moth is European hawkmoth with markings on the back resembling a human skull, also known as a Acherontia atropos. 

A Manduca sexta is moth whose larvae are tobacco hornworms. 

A Manduca quinquemaculata is moth whose larvae are tomato hornworms. 

A noctuid moth is usually dull-colored medium-sized nocturnal moth; the usually smooth-bodied larvae are destructive agricultural pests, also known as a noctuid, or an owlet moth. A noctuid moth is either a Spodoptera exigua, an antler moth, an underwing, a heliothis moth, an armyworm, or a Spodoptera frugiperda. 

A Spodoptera exigua is moth whose larvae are beet armyworms. 

An antler moth is European moth with white antler-like markings on the forewings; the larvae damage pastures and grasslands, also known as a Cerapteryx graminis. 

An underwing is moth having dull forewings and brightly colored hind wings. An underwing can, more specifically, be a red underwing. 

A red underwing is moth having dull forewings and red-marked hind wings, also known as a Catocala nupta. 

A heliothis moth is medium-sized moth whose larvae are corn earworms, also known as a Heliothis zia. 

An armyworm is moth whose destructive larvae travel in multitudes, also known as a Pseudaletia unipuncta. 

A Spodoptera frugiperda is moth whose larvae are fall armyworms. 

A tineoid is small dull-colored moth with chewing mouthparts, also known as a tineoid moth. A tineoid is either a tineid, or a gracilariid. 

A tineid is small yellowish moths whose larvae feed on wool or fur, also known as a tineid moth. A tineid is either a clothes moth, or a carpet moth. 

A clothes moth is any of several small yellowish or buff-colored moths whose larvae eat organic matter e.g. woolens. A clothes moth is either a casemaking clothes moth, or a webbing clothes moth. 

A casemaking clothes moth is the larvae live in tubes of its food material fastened with silk that it spins, also known as a Tinea pellionella. 

A webbing clothes moth is moth that forms a web in which it lives, also known as a webbing moth, or a Tineola bisselliella. 

A carpet moth is larvae feed on carpets and other woolens, also known as a tapestry moth, or a Trichophaga tapetzella. 

A gracilariid is small dull or metallic-colored tineoid moths whose larvae mine in plant leaves, also known as a gracilariid moth. 

A pyralid is usually tropical slender-bodied long-legged moth whose larvae are crop pests, also known as a pyralid moth. A pyralid is either a bee moth, a raisin moth, a corn borer, a tobacco moth, an almond moth, or a Mediterranean flour moth. 

A bee moth is moth whose larvae live in and feed on bee honeycombs, also known as a wax moth, or a Galleria mellonella. 

A raisin moth is moth whose larvae attack dried fruits and cereal products, also known as a Cadra figulilella. 

A corn borer is native to Europe; in America the larvae bore into the stem and crown of corn and other plants, also known as a European corn borer moth, a corn borer moth, or a Pyrausta nubilalis. 

A tobacco moth is small moth whose larvae feed on tobacco and other dried plant products, also known as a cacao moth, or a Ephestia elutella. 

An almond moth is a moth whose larvae feed on and mat together with webbing various stored products of vegetable origin, also known as a fig moth, or a Cadra cautella. 

A Mediterranean flour moth is small moth whose larvae damage stored grain and flour, also known as a Anagasta kuehniella. 

An arctiid is stout-bodied broad-winged moth with conspicuously striped or spotted wings; larvae are hairy caterpillars, also known as an arctiid moth. An arctiid is either a tiger moth, or a cinnabar. 

A tiger moth is medium-sized moth with long richly colored and intricately patterned wings; larvae are called woolly bears. 

A cinnabar is large red-and-black European moth; larvae feed on leaves of ragwort; introduced into United States to control ragwort, also known as a cinnabar moth, or a Callimorpha jacobeae. 

A moth miller is any of various moths that have powdery wings, also known as a miller. 

A geometrid is slender-bodied broad-winged moth whose larvae are called measuring worms, also known as a geometrid moth. A geometrid is either a Alsophila pometaria, or a Paleacrita vernata. 

A Alsophila pometaria is North American moth with grey-winged males and wingless females; larvae are fall cankerworms. 

A Paleacrita vernata is moth whose larvae are spring cankerworms. 

A bombycid is moderate-sized Asiatic moth whose larvae feed on mulberry leaves and produce silk, also known as a bombycid moth, or a silkworm moth. A bombycid can, more specifically, be a domestic silkworm moth. 

A domestic silkworm moth is stocky creamy-white Asiatic moth found almost entirely under human care; the source of most of the silk commerce, also known as a domesticated silkworm moth, or a Bombyx mori. 

A gelechiid is small slender-winged moths whose larvae are agricultural pests, also known as a gelechiid moth. A gelechiid is either a grain moth, a Gelechia gossypiella, or a potato moth. 

A grain moth is moth whose larvae feed on grain. A grain moth can, more specifically, be a angoumois moth. 

An angoumois moth is small moth whose larvae feed on kernels of stored grains, also known as an angoumois grain moth, or a Sitotroga cerealella. 

A Gelechia gossypiella is small brown moth whose larvae bore into flowers and bolls of cotton. 

A potato moth is greyish-brown moth whose larva is the potato tuberworm, also known as a potato tuber moth, a splitworm, or a Phthorimaea operculella. 

A tent-caterpillar moth is moth whose larvae are tent caterpillars, also known as a Malacosoma americana. 

A lasiocampid is medium-sized stout-bodied neutral-colored moths with comb-like antennae, also known as a lasiocampid moth. A lasiocampid is either a tent-caterpillar moth, a lappet, a webworm moth, or an eggar. 

A tent-caterpillar moth is moth whose gregarious larvae spin webs resembling carpets, also known as a Malacosoma disstria. 

A lappet is medium-sized hairy moths; larvae are lappet caterpillars, also known as a lappet moth. 

A webworm moth is a variety of moth that spins a web in which it lives. A webworm moth is either a Loxostege similalis, or a Hyphantria cunea. 

A Loxostege similalis is moth whose larvae are garden webworms. 

A Hyphantria cunea is moth whose larvae are fall webworms. 

An eggar is moth having nonfunctional mouthparts as adults; larvae feed on tree foliage and spin egg-shaped cocoons, also known as an egger. 

A tortricid is any of numerous small moths having lightly fringed wings; larvae are leaf rollers or live in fruits and galls, also known as a tortricid moth. A tortricid is either an orange tortrix, a tea tortrix, a leaf roller, or a codling moth. 

An orange tortrix is California moth whose larvae live in especially oranges, also known as a tortrix, or a Argyrotaenia citrana. 

A tea tortrix is small Indian moth infesting e.g. tea and coffee plants, also known as a tortrix, or a Homona coffearia. 

A leaf roller is moth whose larvae form nests by rolling and tying leaves with spun silk, also known as a leaf-roller. 

A codling moth is a small grey moth whose larvae live in apples and English walnuts, also known as a codlin moth, or a Carpocapsa pomonella. 

A neuropteron is insect having biting mouthparts and four large membranous wings with netlike veins, also known as a neuropteran, or a neuropterous insect. A neuropteron is either a mantispid, a fish fly, a dobson, an ant lion, a lacewing, a snakefly, a spongefly, or an alderfly. 

A mantispid is insect that resembles a mantis; larvae are parasites in the nests of spiders and wasps. 

A fish fly is similar to but smaller than the dobsonfly; larvae are used as fishing bait, also known as a fish-fly. 

A dobson is large soft-bodied insect having long slender mandibles in the male; aquatic larvae often used as bait, also known as a dobsonfly, a dobson fly, or a Corydalus cornutus. 

An ant lion is winged insect resembling a dragonfly; the larvae (doodlebugs) dig conical pits where they wait to catch e.g. ants, also known as an antlion, or an antlion fly. 

A lacewing is any of two families of insects with gauzy wings (Chrysopidae and Hemerobiidae); larvae feed on insect pests such as aphids, also known as a lacewing fly. A lacewing is either a green lacewing, or a brown lacewing. 

A green lacewing is pale green unpleasant-smelling lacewing fly having carnivorous larvae, also known as a chrysopid, or a stink fly. A green lacewing can, more specifically, be a goldeneye. 

A goldeneye is a variety of green lacewing, also known as a golden-eyed fly. 

A brown lacewing is small dark-colored lacewing fly, also known as a hemerobiid, or a hemerobiid fly. 

A snakefly is predatory insect of western North America having a long necklike prothorax. 

A spongefly is hairy-bodied insect whose larvae feed on freshwater sponges, also known as a spongillafly. 

An alderfly is dark-colored insect having predaceous aquatic larvae, also known as an alder fly, or a Sialis lutaria. 

A bird louse is wingless insect with mouth parts adapted for biting; mostly parasitic on birds, also known as a biting louse, or a louse. A bird louse can, more specifically, be a chicken louse. 

A chicken louse is a louse parasitic on poultry, also known as a shaft louse, a Menopon palladum, or a Menopon gallinae. 

A louse is wingless usually flattened bloodsucking insect parasitic on warm-blooded animals, also known as a sucking louse. A louse is either a head louse, a body louse, a crab louse, or a common louse. 

A head louse is infests the head and body of humans, also known as a Pediculus capitis. 

A body louse is a parasitic louse that infests the body of human beings, also known as a cootie, or a Pediculus corporis. 

A crab louse is a louse that infests the pubic region of the human body, also known as a pubic louse, a crab, or a Phthirius pubis. 

A common louse is head or body louse, also known as a Pediculus humanus. 

A dipterous insect is insects having usually a single pair of functional wings (anterior pair) with the posterior pair reduced to small knobbed structures and mouth parts adapted for sucking or lapping or piercing, also known as a two-winged insects, a dipteran, or a dipteron. A dipterous insect is either a fly, a fruit fly, a robber fly, a crane fly, a mosquito, a fungus gnat, a fungus gnat, a louse fly, a gall midge, or a gnat. 

A fly is two-winged insects characterized by active flight. A fly is either a flesh fly, a bee fly, a housefly, a blowfly, a tsetse fly, a tachina fly, a horn fly, or a gadfly. 

A flesh fly is fly whose larvae feed on carrion or the flesh of living animals, also known as a Sarcophaga carnaria. 

A bee fly is hairy nectar-eating fly that resembles a bee; larvae are parasitic on larvae of bees and related insects. 

A housefly is common fly that frequents human habitations and spreads many diseases, also known as a house fly, or a Musca domestica. 

A blowfly is large usually hairy metallic blue or green fly; lays eggs in carrion or dung or wounds, also known as a blow fly. A blowfly is either a greenbottle, or a bluebottle. 

A greenbottle is blowfly with brilliant coppery green body, also known as a greenbottle fly. 

A bluebottle is blowfly with iridescent blue body; makes a loud buzzing noise in flight, also known as a Calliphora vicina. 

A tsetse fly is bloodsucking African fly; transmits sleeping sickness etc., also known as a tsetse, a tzetze fly, a tzetze, or a glossina. 

A tachina fly is bristly fly whose larvae live parasitically in caterpillars and other insects; important in control of noxious insects. 

A horn fly is small black European fly introduced into North America; sucks blood from cattle especially at the base of the horn, also known as a Haematobia irritans. 

A gadfly is any of various large flies that annoy livestock. A gadfly is either a botfly, a horsefly, or a warble fly. 

A botfly is stout-bodied hairy dipterous fly whose larvae are parasites on humans and other mammals. A botfly is either a sheep botfly, a human botfly, or a horse botfly. 

A sheep botfly is larvae are parasitic on sheep, also known as a sheep gadfly, or a Oestrus ovis. 

A human botfly is large tropical American fly; parasitic on humans and other mammals, also known as a Dermatobia hominis. 

A horse botfly is parasitic chiefly on horses, also known as a Gasterophilus intestinalis. 

A horsefly is large swift fly the female of which sucks blood of various animals, also known as a cleg, a clegg, or a horse fly. 

A warble fly is hairy bee-like fly whose larvae produce lumpy abscesses (warbles) under the skin of cattle. 

A fruit fly is any of numerous small insects whose larvae feed on fruits, also known as a pomace fly. A fruit fly is either a drosophila, an apple maggot, a vinegar fly, or a Mediterranean fruit fly. 

A drosophila is small fruit fly used by Thomas Hunt Morgan in studying basic mechanisms of inheritance, also known as a Drosophila melanogaster. 

An apple maggot is larvae bore into and feed on apples, also known as a railroad worm, or a Rhagoletis pomonella. 

A vinegar fly is flies whose larvae feed on pickles and imperfectly sealed preserves. 

A Mediterranean fruit fly is small black-and-white fly that damages citrus and other fruits by implanting eggs that hatch inside the fruit, also known as a medfly, or a Ceratitis capitata. 

A robber fly is swift predatory fly having a strong body like a bee with the proboscis hardened for sucking juices of other insects captured on the wing, also known as a bee killer. 

A crane fly is long-legged slender flies that resemble large mosquitoes but do not bite, also known as a daddy longlegs. 

A mosquito is two-winged insect whose female has a long proboscis to pierce the skin and suck the blood of humans and animals. A mosquito is either a Culex quinquefasciatus, a gnat, an anopheline, a common mosquito, a Asian tiger mosquito, a yellow-fever mosquito, or a malarial mosquito. 

A Culex quinquefasciatus is widespread tropical mosquito that transmits filarial worms, also known as a Culex fatigans. 

A gnat is (British usage) mosquito. 

An anopheline is any mosquito of the genus Anopheles. 

A common mosquito is common house mosquito, also known as a Culex pipiens. 

A Asian tiger mosquito is striped native of Japan thriving in southwestern and midwestern United States and spreading to the Caribbean; potential carrier of serious diseases, also known as a Aedes albopictus. 

A yellow-fever mosquito is mosquito that transmits yellow fever and dengue, also known as a Aedes aegypti. 

A malarial mosquito is transmits the malaria parasite, also known as a malaria mosquito. 

A fungus gnat is mosquito-like insect whose larvae feed on fungi or decaying vegetation. 

A fungus gnat is minute blackish gregarious flies destructive to mushrooms and seedlings, also known as a sciara, or a sciarid. A fungus gnat can, more specifically, be a armyworm. 

An armyworm is larva of fungus gnat that feed on cereals and other grains; they march in large companies in regular order when the food is exhausted. 

A louse fly is bloodsucking dipterous fly parasitic on birds and mammals, also known as a hippoboscid. A louse fly is either a horse tick, or a sheep ked. 

A horse tick is winged fly parasitic on horses, also known as a horsefly, or a Hippobosca equina. 

A sheep ked is wingless fly that is an external parasite on sheep and cattle, also known as a sheep-tick, a sheep tick, or a Melophagus Ovinus. 

A gall midge is fragile mosquito-like flies that produce galls on plants, also known as a gallfly, or a gall gnat. A gall midge can, more specifically, be a Hessian fly. 

A Hessian fly is small fly whose larvae damage wheat and other grains, also known as a Mayetiola destructor. 

A gnat is any of various small biting flies: midges; biting midges; black flies; sand flies. A gnat is either a punkie, a blackfly, a midge, a psychodid, or a sand fly. 

A punkie is minute two-winged insect that sucks the blood of mammals and birds and other insects, also known as a punky, a punkey, a no-see-um, or a biting midge. 

A blackfly is small blackish stout-bodied biting fly having aquatic larvae; sucks the blood of birds as well as humans and other mammals, also known as a black fly, or a buffalo gnat. 

A midge is minute two-winged mosquito-like fly lacking biting mouthparts; appear in dancing swarms especially near water. 

A psychodid is a fly of the family Psychodidae. 

A sand fly is any of various small dipterous flies; bloodsucking females can transmit sandfly fever and leishmaniasis, also known as a sandfly, or a Phlebotomus papatasii. 

A psocopterous insect is small soft-bodied insect with chewing mouthparts and either no wings or two pairs. A psocopterous insect is either a booklouse, or a psocid. 

A booklouse is minute wingless psocopterous insects injurious to books and papers, also known as a book louse, a deathwatch, or a Liposcelis divinatorius. A booklouse can, more specifically, be a common booklouse. 

A common booklouse is a variety of booklouse, also known as a Trogium pulsatorium. 

A psocid is small winged insect living on the bark and leaves of trees and feeding on e.g. fungi and decaying plant matter. A psocid can, more specifically, be a bark-louse. 

A bark-louse is any of several insects living on the bark of plants, also known as a bark louse. 

A dictyopterous insect is cockroaches and mantids. A dictyopterous insect is either a mantis, or a cockroach. 

A mantis is predacious long-bodied large-eyed insect of warm regions; rests with forelimbs raised as in prayer, also known as a mantid. A mantis can, more specifically, be a praying mantis. 

A praying mantis is the common mantis, also known as a praying mantid, or a Mantis religioso. 

A cockroach is any of numerous chiefly nocturnal insects; some are domestic pests, also known as a roach. A cockroach is either a American cockroach, a giant cockroach, a German cockroach, an oriental cockroach, or a Australian cockroach. 

A American cockroach is large reddish brown free-flying cockroach originally from southern United States but now widely distributed, also known as a Periplaneta americana. 

A giant cockroach is large tropical American cockroaches. 

A German cockroach is small light-brown cockroach brought to United States from Europe; a common household pest, also known as a Croton bug, a crotonbug, a water bug, or a Blattella germanica. 

An oriental cockroach is dark brown cockroach originally from orient now nearly cosmopolitan in distribution, also known as an oriental roach, a Asiatic cockroach, a blackbeetle, or a Blatta orientalis. 

A Australian cockroach is widely distributed in warm countries, also known as a Periplaneta australasiae. 

A termite is whitish soft-bodied ant-like social insect that feeds on wood, also known as a white ant. A termite is either a Reticulitermes lucifugus, a Mastotermes electrodominicus, a Mastotermes darwiniensis, a dry-wood termite, a Reticulitermes flanipes, or a Mastotermes electromexicus. 

A Reticulitermes lucifugus is destructive European termite. 

A Mastotermes electrodominicus is extinct termite found in amber in the Dominican Republic. 

A Mastotermes darwiniensis is Australian termite; sole living species of Mastotermes; called a living fossil; apparent missing link between cockroaches and termites. 

A dry-wood termite is any of various termites that live in and feed on dry wood that is not connected with the soil. A dry-wood termite can, more specifically, be a powder-post termite. 

A powder-post termite is extremely destructive dry-wood termite of warm regions, also known as a Cryptotermes brevis. 

A Reticulitermes flanipes is destructive United States termite. 

A Mastotermes electromexicus is an extinct termite found in amber in southern Mexico. 

A worker is sterile member of a colony of social insects that forages for food and cares for the larvae. A worker is either a worker bee, or a soldier. 

A worker bee is sterile bee specialized to collect food and maintain the hive. 

A soldier is a wingless sterile ant or termite having a large head and powerful jaws adapted for defending the colony. 

A bug is general term for any insect or similar creeping or crawling invertebrate. 

A hemipterous insect is insects with sucking mouthparts and forewings thickened and leathery at the base; usually show incomplete metamorphosis, also known as a bug, a hemipteran, or a hemipteron. A hemipterous insect is either a backswimmer, a coreid bug, a lygaeid, a true bug, a bedbug, or a leaf bug. 

A backswimmer is predaceous aquatic insect that swims on its back and may inflict painful bites, also known as a Notonecta undulata. 

A coreid bug is a true bug, also known as a coreid. A coreid bug is either a leaf-footed bug, or a squash bug. 

A leaf-footed bug is large sap-sucking bug with leaflike expansions on the legs, also known as a leaf-foot bug. 

A squash bug is large black American bug that sucks sap of vines of the gourd family, also known as a Anasa tristis. 

A lygaeid is a true bug: usually bright-colored; pest of cultivated crops and some fruit trees, also known as a lygaeid bug. A lygaeid can, more specifically, be a chinch bug. 

A chinch bug is small black-and-white insect that feeds on cereal grasses, also known as a Blissus leucopterus. 

A true bug is any of various insects of the order Hemiptera and especially of the suborder Heteroptera. 

A bedbug is bug of temperate regions that infests especially beds and feeds on human blood, also known as a bed bug, a chinch, or a Cimex lectularius. 

A leaf bug is small bright-colored insect that feeds on plant juices, also known as a plant bug. A leaf bug is either a mirid bug, or a lace bug. 

A mirid bug is a variety of leaf bug, also known as a mirid, or a capsid. A mirid bug is either a four-lined plant bug, or a lygus bug. 

A four-lined plant bug is yellow or orange leaf bug with four black stripes down the back; widespread in central and eastern North America, also known as a four-lined leaf bug, or a Poecilocapsus lineatus. 

A lygus bug is vector of viral plant diseases. A lygus bug can, more specifically, be a tarnished plant bug. 

A tarnished plant bug is widespread plant and fruit pest, also known as a Lygus lineolaris. 

A lace bug is small bug having body and wings covered with a lacy network of raised lines. 

A pupa is an insect in the inactive stage of development (when it is not feeding) intermediate between larva and adult. A pupa can, more specifically, be a chrysalis. 

A chrysalis is pupa of a moth or butterfly enclosed in a cocoon. 

A flea is any wingless bloodsucking parasitic insect noted for ability to leap. A flea is either a sticktight, a dog flea, a Pulex irritans, a cat flea, or a chigoe. 

A sticktight is parasitic on especially the heads of chickens, also known as a sticktight flea, or a Echidnophaga gallinacea. 

A dog flea is flea that attacks dogs and cats, also known as a Ctenocephalides canis. 

A Pulex irritans is the most common flea attacking humans. 

A cat flea is flea that breeds chiefly on cats and dogs and rats, also known as a Ctenocephalides felis. 

A chigoe is small tropical flea; the fertile female burrows under the skin of the host including humans, also known as a chigger, a chigoe flea, or a Tunga penetrans. 

A stonefly is primitive winged insect with a flattened body; used as bait by fishermen; aquatic gilled larvae are carnivorous and live beneath stones, also known as a stone fly, or a plecopteran. 

A queen is the only fertile female in a colony of social insects such as bees and ants and termites; its function is to lay eggs. A queen can, more specifically, be a queen bee. 

A queen bee is fertile egg-laying female bee. 

A tardigrade is an arthropod of the division Tardigrada. 

A eurypterid is large extinct scorpion-like arthropod considered related to horseshoe crabs. 

A garden centipede is minute arthropod often infesting the underground parts of truck-garden and greenhouse crops, also known as a garden symphilid, a symphilid, or a Scutigerella immaculata. 

An onychophoran is any of numerous velvety-skinned wormlike carnivorous animals common in tropical forests having characteristics of both arthropods and annelid worms, also known as a velvet worm, or a peripatus. An onychophoran can, more specifically, be a Plicatoperipatus jamaicensis. 

A Plicatoperipatus jamaicensis is a kind of onychophoran. 

A ctenophore is biradially symmetrical hermaphroditic solitary marine animals resembling jellyfishes having for locomotion eight rows of cilia arranged like teeth in a comb, also known as a comb jelly. A ctenophore is either a platyctenean, a sea gooseberry, a Venus's girdle, or a beroe. 

A platyctenean is ctenophore have long tentacles and flattened body. 

A sea gooseberry is ctenophore having a rounded body with longitudinal rows of cilia. 

A Venus's girdle is ctenophore having a ribbon-shaped iridescent gelatinous body, also known as a Cestum veneris. 

A beroe is delicately iridescent thimble-shaped ctenophores. 

A rotifer is minute aquatic multicellular organisms having a ciliated wheel-like organ for feeding and locomotion; constituents of freshwater plankton. 

A zoophyte is any of various invertebrate animals resembling a plant such as a sea anemone or coral or sponge. 

A Symbion pandora is only known species of Cycliophora; lives symbiotically attached to a lobster's lip by an adhesive disk and feeding by means of a hairy mouth ring; its complex life cycle includes asexual and sexual phases. 

A bryozoan is sessile aquatic animal forming mossy colonies of small polyps each having a curved or circular ridge bearing tentacles; attach to stones or seaweed and reproduce by budding, also known as a polyzoan, a sea mat, a sea moss, or a moss animal. 

A mollusk is invertebrate having a soft unsegmented body usually enclosed in a shell, also known as a mollusc, or a shellfish. A mollusk is either a chiton, a cephalopod, a bivalve, a scaphopod, or a gastropod. 

A chiton is primitive elongated bilaterally symmetrical marine mollusk having a mantle covered with eight calcareous plates, also known as a coat-of-mail shell, a sea cradle, or a polyplacophore. 

A cephalopod is marine mollusk characterized by well-developed head and eyes and sucker-bearing tentacles, also known as a cephalopod mollusk. A cephalopod is either an octopod, a dibranchiate, a decapod, or a chambered nautilus. 

An octopod is a cephalopod with eight arms but lacking an internal shell. An octopod is either an octopus, or a paper nautilus. 

An octopus is bottom-living cephalopod having a soft oval body with eight long tentacles, also known as a devilfish. 

A paper nautilus is cephalopod mollusk of warm seas whose females have delicate papery spiral shells, also known as a nautilus, a Argonaut, or a Argonauta argo. 

A dibranchiate is cephalopods having two gills, also known as a dibranchiate mollusk, or a dibranch. 

A decapod is cephalopods having eight short tentacles plus two long ones. A decapod is either a spirula, a cuttlefish, or a squid. 

A spirula is a small tropical cephalopod of the genus Spirula having prominent eyes and short arms and a many-chambered shell coiled in a flat spiral, also known as a Spirula peronii. 

A cuttlefish is ten-armed oval-bodied cephalopod with narrow fins as long as the body and a large calcareous internal shell, also known as a cuttle. 

A squid is widely distributed fast-moving ten-armed cephalopod mollusk having a long tapered body with triangular tail fins. A squid is either a loligo, an architeuthis, or an ommastrephes. 

A loligo is somewhat flattened cylindrical squid. 

An architeuthis is largest mollusk known about but never seen (to 60 feet long), also known as a giant squid. 

An ommastrephes is extremely active cylindrical squid with short strong arms and large rhombic terminal fins. 

A chambered nautilus is cephalopod of the Indian and Pacific oceans having a spiral shell with pale pearly partitions, also known as a pearly nautilus, or a nautilus. 

A bivalve is marine or freshwater mollusks having a soft body with platelike gills enclosed within two shells hinged together, also known as a pelecypod, or a lamellibranch. A bivalve is either a piddock, a blood clam, an ark shell, a clam, an oyster, a mussel, a scallop, or a cockle. 

A piddock is marine bivalve that bores into rock or clay or wood by means of saw-like shells. 

A blood clam is red-blooded clam. 

An ark shell is marine bivalve mollusk having a heavy toothed shell with a deep boat-like inner surface. 

A clam is burrowing marine mollusk living on sand or mud; the shell closes with viselike firmness. A clam is either a quahog, a soft-shell clam, a geoduck, a razor clam, a shipworm, or a giant clam. 

A quahog is an edible American clam; the heavy shells were used as money by some American Indians, also known as a quahaug, a hard-shell clam, a hard clam, a round clam, a Venus mercenaria, or a Mercenaria mercenaria. A quahog is either a cherrystone, or a littleneck. 

A cherrystone is a half-grown quahog, also known as a cherrystone clam. 

A littleneck is a young quahog, also known as a littleneck clam. 

A soft-shell clam is an edible clam with thin oval-shaped shell found in coastal regions of the United States and Europe, also known as a steamer, a steamer clam, a long-neck clam, or a Mya arenaria. 

A geoduck is a large edible clam found burrowing deeply in sandy mud along the Pacific coast of North America; weighs up to six pounds; has siphons that can extend to several feet and cannot be withdrawn into the shell. 

A razor clam is marine clam having a long narrow curved thin shell, also known as a jackknife clam, or a knife-handle. 

A shipworm is wormlike marine bivalve that bores into wooden piers and ships by means of drill-like shells, also known as a teredinid. A shipworm is either a teredo, or a giant northwest shipworm. 

A teredo is typical shipworm. 

A giant northwest shipworm is giant shipworm of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a Bankia setaceae. 

A giant clam is a large clam inhabiting reefs in the southern Pacific and weighing up to 500 pounds, also known as a Tridacna gigas. 

An oyster is marine mollusks having a rough irregular shell; found on the sea bed mostly in coastal waters. An oyster is either a bluepoint, a Virginia oyster, a saddle oyster, a pearl oyster, a Japanese oyster, a window oyster, or a seed oyster. 

A bluepoint is small edible oyster typically from the southern shore of Long Island, also known as a blue point. 

A Virginia oyster is common edible oyster of Atlantic coast of North America. 

A saddle oyster is thin-shelled bivalve having the right valve deeply notched, also known as a Anomia ephippium. 

A pearl oyster is tropical marine bivalve found chiefly off eastern Asia and Pacific coast of North America and Central America; a major source of pearls, also known as a Pinctada margaritifera. 

A Japanese oyster is a large oyster native to Japan and introduced along the Pacific coast of the United States; a candidate for introduction in Chesapeake Bay, also known as a Ostrea gigas. 

A window oyster is marine bivalve common in Philippine coastal waters characterized by a large thin flat translucent shell, also known as a windowpane oyster, a capiz, or a Placuna placenta. 

A seed oyster is a young oyster especially of a size for transplantation. 

A mussel is marine or freshwater bivalve mollusk that lives attached to rocks etc.. A mussel is either a freshwater mussel, or a marine mussel. 

A freshwater mussel is bivalve mollusk abundant in rivers of central United States, also known as a freshwater clam. A freshwater mussel is either a thin-shelled mussel, a pearly-shelled mussel, or a zebra mussel. 

A thin-shelled mussel is mussel with thin fragile shells having only rudimentary hinge teeth. 

A pearly-shelled mussel is the pearly lining of the dark shells is a source of mother-of-pearl. 

A zebra mussel is inch long mollusk imported accidentally from Europe; clogs utility inlet pipes and feeds on edible freshwater mussels, also known as a Dreissena polymorpha. 

A marine mussel is marine bivalve mollusk having a dark elongated shell; live attached to solid objects especially in intertidal zones, also known as a mytilid. A marine mussel can, more specifically, be a edible mussel. 

An edible mussel is a mussel with a dark shell that lives attached to rocks, also known as a Mytilus edulis. 

A scallop is edible marine bivalve having a fluted fan-shaped shell that swim by expelling water from the shell in a series of snapping motions, also known as a scollop, or an escallop. A scallop is either a sea scallop, or a bay scallop. 

A sea scallop is a large scallop inhabiting deep waters of the Atlantic coast of North America, also known as a giant scallop, or a Pecten magellanicus. 

A bay scallop is a small scallop inhabiting shallow waters and mud flats of the Atlantic coast of North America, also known as a Pecten irradians. 

A cockle is common edible, burrowing European bivalve mollusk that has a strong, rounded shell with radiating ribs. A cockle can, more specifically, be a edible cockle. 

An edible cockle is common edible European cockle, also known as a Cardium edule. 

A scaphopod is burrowing marine mollusk. A scaphopod can, more specifically, be a tooth shell. 

A tooth shell is any of various seashore mollusks having a tapering tubular shell open at each end and a foot pointed like a spade for burrowing, also known as a tusk shell. 

A gastropod is a class of mollusks typically having a one-piece coiled shell and flattened muscular foot with a head bearing stalked eyes, also known as a univalve. A gastropod is either a conch, an abalone, a river limpet, a solenogaster, a slug, a sea hare, a sea slug, a snail, a bubble shell, a physa, a seasnail, or a cowrie. 

A conch is any of various edible tropical marine gastropods of the genus Strombus having a brightly-colored spiral shell with large outer lip. A conch can, more specifically, be a giant conch. 

A giant conch is a large variety of conch, also known as a Strombus gigas. 

An abalone is any of various large edible marine gastropods of the genus Haliotis having an ear-shaped shell with pearly interior, also known as an ear-shell. An abalone can, more specifically, be a ormer. 

An ormer is an abalone found near the Channel Islands, also known as a sea-ear, or a Haliotis tuberculata. 

A river limpet is minute conical gastropod superficially resembling a limpet but living and feeding on freshwater plants, also known as a freshwater limpet, or a Ancylus fluviatilis. 

A solenogaster is deep-water wormlike mollusks lacking calcareous plates on the body but having fine slimy spicules on the covering mantle, also known as an aplacophoran. 

A slug is any of various terrestrial gastropods having an elongated slimy body and no external shell. 

A sea hare is naked marine gastropod having a soft body with reduced internal shell and two pairs of ear-like tentacles, also known as a Aplysia punctata. 

A sea slug is any of various marine gastropods of the suborder Nudibranchia having a shell-less and often beautifully colored body, also known as a nudibranch. A sea slug can, more specifically, be a Hermissenda crassicornis. 

A Hermissenda crassicornis is a kind of sea slug. 

A snail is freshwater or marine or terrestrial gastropod mollusk usually having an external enclosing spiral shell. A snail is either an edible snail, a garden snail, or a scorpion shell. 

An edible snail is one of the chief edible snails, also known as a Helix pomatia. 

A garden snail is any of several inedible snails of the genus Helix; often destructive pests. A garden snail is either a Helix hortensis, or a brown snail. 

A Helix hortensis is a kind of garden snail. 

A brown snail is serious garden pest having a brown shell with paler zigzag markings; nearly cosmopolitan in distribution, also known as a Helix aspersa. 

A scorpion shell is any of numerous tropical marine snails that as adults have the outer lip of the aperture produced into a series of long curved spines. 

A bubble shell is marine gastropod mollusk having a very small thin shell. 

A physa is any member of the genus Physa. 

A seasnail is any of several creeping marine gastropods with a spirally coiled shell: whelks; tritons; moon shells; neritids. A seasnail is either a triton, a periwinkle, a limpet, a moon shell, a whelk, or a neritid. 

A triton is tropical marine gastropods having beautifully colored spiral shells. 

A periwinkle is edible marine gastropod, also known as a winkle. 

A limpet is any of various usually marine gastropods with low conical shells; found clinging to rocks in littoral areas. A limpet is either a keyhole limpet, or a common limpet. 

A keyhole limpet is marine limpet having a conical shell with an opening at the apex, also known as a Fissurella apertura, or a Diodora apertura. 

A common limpet is marine limpet, also known as a Patella vulgata. 

A moon shell is marine gastropods having smooth rounded shells that form short spires, also known as a moonshell. 

A whelk is large carnivorous marine gastropods of coastal waters and intertidal regions having a strong snail-like shell. 

A neritid is operculate seasnail of coastal waters with a short spiral shell, also known as a neritid gastropod. A neritid is either a bleeding tooth, a nerita, or a neritina. 

A bleeding tooth is gastropod having reddish toothlike projections around the shell opening; of the Caribbean area, also known as a Nerita peloronta. 

A nerita is a neritid gastropod having a short smooth or spirally ridged shell with thick usually toothed outer lip and toothed operculum. 

A neritina is ornately marked and brightly colored snails of brackish waters. 

A cowrie is any of numerous tropical marine gastropods of the genus Cypraea having highly polished usually brightly marked shells, also known as a cowry. A cowrie is either a tiger cowrie, or a money cowrie. 

A tiger cowrie is cowrie whose shell is used for ornament, also known as a Cypraea tigris. 

A money cowrie is cowrie whose shell is used for money in parts of the southern Pacific and in parts of Africa, also known as a Cypraea moneta. 

A worm is any of numerous relatively small elongated soft-bodied animals especially of the phyla Annelida and Chaetognatha and Nematoda and Nemertea and Platyhelminthes; also many insect larvae. A worm is either an acanthocephalan, a flatworm, a nematode, a beard worm, a helminth, an annelid, an arrowworm, a woodworm, or a ribbon worm. 

An acanthocephalan is any of various worms living parasitically in intestines of vertebrates having a retractile proboscis covered with many hooked spines, also known as a spiny-headed worm. 

A flatworm is parasitic or free-living worms having a flattened body, also known as a platyhelminth. A flatworm is either a planarian, a tapeworm, or a fluke. 

A planarian is free-swimming mostly freshwater flatworms; popular in laboratory studies for the ability to regenerate lost parts, also known as a planaria. 

A tapeworm is ribbonlike flatworms that are parasitic in the intestines of humans and other vertebrates, also known as a cestode. A tapeworm is either an echinococcus, or a taenia. 

An echinococcus is tapeworms whose larvae are parasitic in humans and domestic animals. 

A taenia is tapeworms parasitic in humans which uses the pig as its intermediate host. 

A fluke is parasitic flatworms having external suckers for attaching to a host, also known as a trematode, or a trematode worm. A fluke is either a liver fluke, a schistosome, or a Fasciolopsis buski. 

A liver fluke is flatworm parasitic in liver and bile ducts of domestic animals and humans, also known as a Fasciola hepatica. 

A schistosome is flatworms parasitic in the blood vessels of mammals, also known as a blood fluke. 

A Fasciolopsis buski is fluke that is parasitic on humans and swine; common in eastern Asia. 

A nematode is unsegmented worms with elongated rounded body pointed at both ends; mostly free-living but some are parasitic, also known as a nematode worm, or a roundworm. A nematode is either an eelworm, a wheatworm, a Guinea worm, a pinworm, a hookworm, a chicken roundworm, a filaria, a trichina, or a common roundworm. 

An eelworm is any of various small free-living plant-parasitic roundworms. An eelworm can, more specifically, be a vinegar eel. 

A vinegar eel is minute eelworm that feeds on organisms that cause fermentation in e.g. vinegar, also known as a vinegar worm, a Anguillula aceti, or a Turbatrix aceti. 

A wheatworm is small roundworm parasitic on wheat, also known as a wheat eel, a wheat eelworm, or a Tylenchus tritici. 

A Guinea worm is parasitic roundworm of India and Africa that lives in the abdomen or beneath the skin of humans and other vertebrates, also known as a Dracunculus medinensis. 

A pinworm is small threadlike worm infesting human intestines and rectum especially in children, also known as a threadworm, or a Enterobius vermicularis. 

A hookworm is parasitic bloodsucking roundworms having hooked mouth parts to fasten to the intestinal wall of human and other hosts. 

A chicken roundworm is intestinal parasite of domestic fowl, also known as a Ascaridia galli. 

A filaria is slender threadlike roundworms living in the blood and tissues of vertebrates; transmitted as larvae by biting insects. 

A trichina is parasitic nematode occurring in the intestines of pigs and rats and human beings and producing larvae that form cysts in skeletal muscles, also known as a Trichinella spiralis. 

A common roundworm is intestinal parasite of humans and pigs, also known as a Ascaris lumbricoides. 

A beard worm is slender animal with tentacles and a tubelike outer covering; lives on the deep ocean bottom, also known as a pogonophoran. 

A helminth is worm that is parasitic on the intestines of vertebrates especially roundworms and tapeworms and flukes, also known as a parasitic worm. 

An annelid is worms with cylindrical bodies segmented both internally and externally, also known as an annelid worm, or a segmented worm. An annelid is either an archiannelid, a leech, an oligochaete, or a polychaete. 

An archiannelid is small primitive marine worm lacking external segmentation and resembling polychaete larvae. 

A leech is carnivorous or bloodsucking aquatic or terrestrial worms typically having a sucker at each end, also known as a bloodsucker, or a hirudinean. A leech is either a medicinal leech, or a horseleech. 

A medicinal leech is large European freshwater leech formerly used for bloodletting, also known as a Hirudo medicinalis. 

A horseleech is any of several large freshwater leeches. 

An oligochaete is hermaphroditic terrestrial and aquatic annelids having bristles borne singly along the length of the body, also known as an oligochaete worm. An oligochaete can, more specifically, be a earthworm. 

An earthworm is terrestrial worm that burrows into and helps aerate soil; often surfaces when the ground is cool or wet; used as bait by anglers, also known as an angleworm, a fishworm, a fishing worm, a wiggler, a nightwalker, a nightcrawler, a crawler, a dew worm, or a red worm. 

A polychaete is chiefly marine annelids possessing both sexes and having paired appendages (parapodia) bearing bristles, also known as a polychete, a polychaete worm, or a polychete worm. A polychaete is either a bloodworm, a lugworm, or a sea mouse. 

A bloodworm is a segmented marine worm with bright red body; often used for bait. 

A lugworm is marine worms having a row of tufted gills along each side of the back; often used for fishing bait, also known as a lug, or a lobworm. 

A sea mouse is any of several large worms having a broad flattened body with a mat of coarse hairs covering the back. 

An arrowworm is any worm of the Chaetognatha; transparent marine worm with horizontal lateral and caudal fins and a row of movable curved spines at each side of the mouth, also known as a chaetognath. An arrowworm can, more specifically, be a sagitta. 

A sagitta is any arrowworm of the genus Sagitta. 

A woodworm is a larva of a woodborer. 

A ribbon worm is soft unsegmented marine worms that have a threadlike proboscis and the ability to stretch and contract, also known as a nemertean, a nemertine, or a proboscis worm. 

A peanut worm is small unsegmented marine worm that when disturbed retracts its anterior portion into the body giving the appearance of a peanut, also known as a sipunculid. 

A brachiopod is marine animal with bivalve shell having a pair of arms bearing tentacles for capturing food; found worldwide, also known as a lamp shell, or a lampshell. 

An entoproct is any of various moss-like aquatic animals usually forming branching colonies; each polyp having a both mouth and anus within a closed ring of tentacles. 

A sponge is primitive multicellular marine animal whose porous body is supported by a fibrous skeletal framework; usually occurs in sessile colonies, also known as a poriferan, or a parazoan. A sponge can, more specifically, be a glass sponge. 

A glass sponge is a siliceous sponge (with glassy spicules) of the class Hyalospongiae. A glass sponge can, more specifically, be a Venus's flower basket. 

A Venus's flower basket is a deep-water marine sponge having a cylindrical skeleton of intricate glassy latticework; found in the waters of the East Indies and the eastern coast of Asia. 

An echinoderm is marine invertebrates with tube feet and five-part radially symmetrical bodies. An echinoderm is either a sea urchin, a basket star, a sea cucumber, a brittle star, a crinoid, or a starfish. 

A sea urchin is shallow-water echinoderms having soft bodies enclosed in thin spiny globular shells. A sea urchin is either an edible sea urchin, a sand dollar, or a heart urchin. 

An edible sea urchin is a sea urchin that can be eaten, also known as a Echinus esculentus. 

A sand dollar is flattened disklike sea urchins that live on sandy bottoms. 

A heart urchin is sea urchin having a heart-shaped body in a rigid spiny shell. 

A basket star is any starfish-like animal of the genera Euryale or Astrophyton or Gorgonocephalus having slender complexly branched interlacing arms radiating from a central disc, also known as a basket fish. A basket star can, more specifically, be a Astrophyton muricatum. 

A Astrophyton muricatum is a variety of basket star. 

A sea cucumber is echinoderm having a flexible sausage-shaped body, tentacles surrounding the mouth and tube feet; free-living mud feeders, also known as a holothurian. A sea cucumber can, more specifically, be a trepang. 

A trepang is of warm coasts from Australia to Asia; used as food especially by Chinese, also known as a Holothuria edulis. 

A brittle star is an animal resembling a starfish with fragile whiplike arms radiating from a small central disc, also known as a brittle-star, or a serpent star. 

A crinoid is primitive echinoderms having five or more feathery arms radiating from a central disk. A crinoid is either a feather star, or a sea lily. 

A feather star is free-swimming stalkless crinoid with ten feathery arms; found on muddy sea bottoms, also known as a comatulid. 

A sea lily is crinoid with delicate radiating arms and a stalked body attached to a hard surface. 

A starfish is echinoderms characterized by five arms extending from a central disk, also known as a sea star. 

A coelenterate is radially symmetrical animals having saclike bodies with only one opening and tentacles with stinging structures; they occur in polyp and medusa forms, also known as a cnidarian. A coelenterate is either a medusa, a jellyfish, a scyphozoan, a hydrozoan, a polyp, or an anthozoan. 

A medusa is one of two forms that coelenterates take: it is the free-swimming sexual phase in the life cycle of a coelenterate; in this phase it has a gelatinous umbrella-shaped body and tentacles, also known as a medusoid, or a medusan. 

A jellyfish is any of numerous usually marine and free-swimming coelenterates that constitute the sexually reproductive forms of hydrozoans and scyphozoans. A jellyfish is either a Chrysaora quinquecirrha, or a Aegina. 

A Chrysaora quinquecirrha is a type of jellyfish. 

A Aegina is small medusa. 

A scyphozoan is any of various usually free-swimming marine coelenterates having a gelatinous medusoid stage as the dominant phase of its life cycle. 

A hydrozoan is colonial coelenterates having the polyp phase dominant, also known as a hydroid. A hydrozoan is either a planula, a sertularian, an siphonophore, or a hydra. 

A planula is the flat ciliated free-swimming larva of hydrozoan coelenterates. 

A sertularian is feathery colony of long-branched stems bearing stalkless paired polyps. 

An siphonophore is a floating or swimming oceanic colony of polyps often transparent or showily colored. An siphonophore is either a Portuguese man-of-war, an apolemia, a praya, or a nanomia. 

A Portuguese man-of-war is large siphonophore having a bladderlike float and stinging tentacles, also known as a man-of-war, or a jellyfish. 

An apolemia is large siphonophore of up to 50 ft long. 

A praya is colonial siphonophore of up to 130 ft long. 

A nanomia is small creatures resembling pieces of fuzzy rope; each with a cluster of swimming bells serving as the head and long elastic tentacles for drawing in prey. 

A hydra is small tubular solitary freshwater hydrozoan polyp. 

A polyp is one of two forms that coelenterates take (e.g. a hydra or coral): usually sedentary with a hollow cylindrical body usually with a ring of tentacles around the mouth. 

An anthozoan is sessile marine coelenterates including solitary and colonial polyps; the medusoid phase is entirely suppressed, also known as an actinozoan. An anthozoan is either a sea pen, a coral, or a sea anemone. 

A sea pen is fleshy featherlike warm-water colonies. 

A coral is marine colonial polyp characterized by a calcareous skeleton; masses in a variety of shapes often forming reefs. A coral is either a gorgonian, or a stony coral. 

A gorgonian is corals having a horny or calcareous branching skeleton, also known as a gorgonian coral. A gorgonian is either a sea feather, a red coral, or a sea fan. 

A sea feather is corals forming featherlike colonies. 

A red coral is corals of especially the Mediterranean having pink or red color used for ornaments and jewelry. 

A sea fan is corals having a treelike or fan-shaped horny skeleton. 

A stony coral is corals having calcareous skeletons aggregations of which form reefs and islands, also known as a madrepore, or a madriporian coral. A stony coral is either a staghorn coral, a mushroom coral, or a brain coral. 

A staghorn coral is large branching coral resembling antlers, also known as a stag's-horn coral. 

A mushroom coral is flattened disk-shaped stony coral (usually solitary and unattached). 

A brain coral is massive reef-building coral having a convoluted and furrowed surface. 

A sea anemone is marine polyps that resemble flowers but have oral rings of tentacles; differ from corals in forming no hard skeleton, also known as an anemone. A sea anemone can, more specifically, be a actinia. 

An actinia is any sea anemone or related animal, also known as an actinian, or an actiniarian. 

A phoronid is hermaphrodite wormlike animal living in mud of the sea bottom. 

An ectoproct is sessile mossy aquatic animal having the anus of the polyp outside the crown of tentacles. 

A woodborer is any of various insects or larvae or mollusks that bore into wood, also known as a borer. 

A hexapod is an animal having six feet. 

A pest is any unwanted and destructive insect or other animal that attacks food or crops or livestock etc.. A pest can, more specifically, be a vermin. 

A vermin is any of various small animals or insects that are pests; e.g. cockroaches or rats. 

A mate is the partner of an animal (especially a sexual partner). 

A marine animal is any of numerous animals inhabiting the sea including e.g. fishes and molluscs and many mammals, also known as a marine creature, a sea animal, or a sea creature. A marine animal can, more specifically, be a by-catch. 

A by-catch is unwanted marine creatures that are caught in the nets while fishing for another species, also known as a bycatch. 

A range animal is any animal that lives and grazes in the grassy open land of western North America (especially horses, cattle, sheep). 

A predator is any animal that lives by preying on other animals, also known as a predatory animal. A predator can, more specifically, be a carnivore. 

A carnivore is any animal that feeds on flesh. 

A male is an animal that produces gametes (spermatozoa) that can fertilize female gametes (ova). A male is either a sire, a male horse, a colt, or a bullock. 

A sire is male parent of an animal especially a domestic animal such as a horse. 

A male horse is the male of species Equus caballus. A male horse is either a gelding, or a stallion. 

A gelding is castrated male horse. 

A stallion is uncastrated adult male horse, also known as an entire. A stallion can, more specifically, be a stud. 

A stud is adult male horse kept for breeding, also known as a studhorse. 

A colt is a young male horse under the age of four. A colt can, more specifically, be a ridgeling. 

A ridgeling is a colt with undescended testicles, also known as a ridgling, a ridgel, or a ridgil. 

A bullock is castrated bull, also known as a steer. 

An adult is any mature animal. 

A metazoan is any animal of the subkingdom Metazoa; all animals except protozoans and sponges. 

A racer is an animal that races. A racer is either a greyhound, a steeplechaser, or a finisher. 

A greyhound is a tall slender dog of an ancient breed noted for swiftness and keen sight; used as a racing dog. A greyhound is either a whippet, or a Italian greyhound. 

A whippet is small slender dog of greyhound type developed in England. 

A Italian greyhound is a toy dog developed from the greyhound. 

A steeplechaser is a horse trained to run in steeplechases. 

A finisher is an animal that wins in a contest of speed. 

A mutant is an animal that has undergone mutation. 

A homeotherm is an animal that has a body temperature that is relatively constant and independent of the environmental temperature, also known as a homoiotherm, or a homotherm. 

An acrodont is an animal having teeth consolidated with the summit of the alveolar ridge without sockets. 

A darter is a person or other animal that moves abruptly and rapidly. 

A varmint is any usually predatory wild animal considered undesirable; e.g., coyote, also known as a varment. 

An insectivore is any organism that feeds mainly on insects. 

A feeder is an animal that feeds on a particular source of food. 

A biped is an animal with two feet. 

A thoroughbred is a pedigreed animal of unmixed lineage; used especially of horses, also known as a purebred, or a pureblood. 

A prey is animal hunted or caught for food, also known as a quarry. 

A peeper is an animal that makes short high-pitched sounds. 

A fictional animal is animals that exist only in fiction (usually in children's stories). 

A stayer is a person or other animal having powers of endurance or perseverance. 

A larva is the immature free-living form of most invertebrates and amphibians and fish which at hatching from the egg is fundamentally unlike its parent and must metamorphose. A larva is either a caterpillar, a wireworm, a tadpole, a bladder worm, a strawworm, a cercaria, a nymph, a grub, a wiggler, a doodlebug, a bot, a caseworm, a leptocephalus, a hellgrammiate, a mealworm, an aphid lion, or an ascidian tadpole. 

A caterpillar is a wormlike and often brightly colored and hairy or spiny larva of a butterfly or moth. A caterpillar is either a measuring worm, a cankerworm, an armyworm, a cabbageworm, a corn borer, a cutworm, a tobacco hornworm, a fall armyworm, a lappet caterpillar, a silkworm, a webworm, a tent caterpillar, a silkworm, a woolly bear, a beet armyworm, a tussock caterpillar, a tomato hornworm, a bollworm, or a potato tuberworm. 

A measuring worm is small hairless caterpillar having legs on only its front and rear segments; mostly larvae of moths of the family Geometridae, also known as an inchworm, or a looper. 

A cankerworm is green caterpillar of a geometrid moth; pest of various fruit and shade trees. A cankerworm is either a spring cankerworm, or a fall cankerworm. 

A spring cankerworm is variably colored looper; larva of Paleacrita vernata. 

A fall cankerworm is green or brown white-striped looper; larva of Alsophila pometaria. 

An armyworm is noctuid moth larvae that travel in multitudes destroying especially grass and grain, also known as an army worm, or a Pseudaletia unipuncta. 

A cabbageworm is toxic green larva of a cabbage butterfly, also known as a Pieris rapae. 

A corn borer is larva of the European corn borer moth; a serious pest of maize, also known as a Pyrausta nubilalis. 

A cutworm is North American moth whose larvae feed on young plant stems cutting them off at the ground. A cutworm can, more specifically, be a army cutworm. 

An army cutworm is larvae (of a noctuid moth) that travel in large groups and destroy grains and alfalfa in the midwestern states, also known as a Chorizagrotis auxiliaris. 

A tobacco hornworm is large green white-striped hawkmoth larva that feeds on tobacco and related plants; similar to tomato hornworm, also known as a tomato worm, or a Manduca sexta. 

A fall armyworm is larva of a migratory American noctuid moth; destroys grasses and small grains, also known as a Spodoptera frugiperda. 

A lappet caterpillar is larva of a lappet moth. 

A silkworm is larva of a saturniid moth; spins a large amount of strong silk in constructing its cocoon, also known as a giant silkworm, or a wild wilkworm. A silkworm can, more specifically, be a ailanthus silkworm. 

An ailanthus silkworm is large green silkworm of the cynthia moth, also known as a Samia cynthia. 

A webworm is several gregarious moth larvae that spin webs over foliage on which they feed. A webworm is either a garden webworm, or a fall webworm. 

A garden webworm is a variety of webworm, also known as a Loxostege similalis. 

A fall webworm is a variety of webworm, also known as a Hyphantria cunea. 

A tent caterpillar is the larvae of moths that build and live in communal silken webs in orchard and shade trees. A tent caterpillar can, more specifically, be a forest tent caterpillar. 

A forest tent caterpillar is larvae of a gregarious North American moth that spins a web resembling a carpet rather than a tent; serious defoliator of deciduous trees, also known as a Malacosoma disstria. 

A silkworm is the commercially bred hairless white caterpillar of the domestic silkworm moth which spins a cocoon that can be processed to yield silk fiber; the principal source of commercial silk. 

A woolly bear is caterpillar of numerous moths characterized by a dense coat of woolly hairs; feed on plants and some are destructive pests, also known as a woolly bear caterpillar. A woolly bear can, more specifically, be a woolly bear moth. 

A woolly bear moth is larva of moth of the family Arctiidae. 

A beet armyworm is moth larva that eats foliage of beets and other vegetables, also known as a Spodoptera exigua. 

A tussock caterpillar is larva of a tussock moth. 

A tomato hornworm is large green white-striped hawkmoth larva that feeds on tomato and potato plants; similar to tobacco hornworm, also known as a potato worm, or a Manduca quinquemaculata. 

A bollworm is any of various moth caterpillars that destroy cotton bolls. A bollworm is either a corn earworm, or a pink bollworm. 

A corn earworm is larva of a noctuid moth; highly destructive to especially corn and cotton and tomato crops, also known as a cotton bollworm, a tomato fruitworm, a tobacco budworm, a vetchworm, or a Heliothis zia. 

A pink bollworm is larvae of a gelechiid moth introduced from Asia; feeds on the seeds of cotton bolls, also known as a Gelechia gossypiella. 

A potato tuberworm is larva of potato moth; mines in leaves and stems of e.g. potatoes and tobacco, also known as a Phthorimaea operculella. 

A wireworm is wormlike larva of various elaterid beetles; feeds on roots of many crop plants. 

A tadpole is a larval frog or toad, also known as a polliwog, or a pollywog. 

A bladder worm is encysted saclike larva of the tapeworm. 

A strawworm is larva of chalcid flies injurious to the straw of wheat and other grains, also known as a jointworm. 

A cercaria is tadpole-shaped parasitic larva of a trematode worm; tail disappears in adult stage. 

A nymph is a larva of an insect with incomplete metamorphosis (as the dragonfly or mayfly). 

A grub is a soft thick wormlike larva of certain beetles and other insects. A grub is either a leatherjacket, or a maggot. 

A leatherjacket is tough-skinned larva of certain crane flies. 

A maggot is the larva of the housefly and blowfly commonly found in decaying organic matter. 

A wiggler is larva of a mosquito, also known as a wriggler. 

A doodlebug is the larva of any of several insects, also known as an ant lion, or an antlion. 

A bot is botfly larva; typically develops inside the body of a horse or sheep or human. 

A caseworm is insect larva that constructs a protective case around its body. A caseworm can, more specifically, be a caddisworm. 

A caddisworm is larva of the caddis fly; constructs a case of silk covered with sand or plant debris, also known as a strawworm. 

A leptocephalus is slender transparent larva of eels and certain fishes. 

A hellgrammiate is large brown aquatic larva of the dobsonfly; used as fishing bait, also known as a dobson. 

A mealworm is the larva of beetles of the family Tenebrionidae. 

An aphid lion is carnivorous larva of lacewing flies, also known as an aphis lion. 

An ascidian tadpole is free-swimming larva of ascidians; they have a tail like a tadpole that contains the notochord. 

A captive is an animal that is confined. 

A game is animal hunted for food or sport. A game is either a game bird, or a big game. 

A game bird is any bird (as grouse or pheasant) that is hunted for sport. A game bird is either a tinamou, a grouse, or a phasianid. 

A tinamou is heavy-bodied small-winged South American game bird resembling a gallinaceous bird but related to the ratite birds, also known as a partridge. 

A grouse is popular game bird having a plump body and feathered legs and feet. A grouse is either a spruce grouse, a sharp-tailed grouse, a black grouse, a ptarmigan, a ruffed grouse, a sage grouse, a capercaillie, or a prairie chicken. 

A spruce grouse is North American grouse that feeds on evergreen buds and needles, also known as a Canachites canadensis. 

A sharp-tailed grouse is large grouse of prairies and open forests of western North America, also known as a sprigtail, a sprig tail, or a Pedioecetes phasianellus. 

A black grouse is grouse of which the male is bluish-black. A black grouse is either a Asian black grouse, a blackcock, a European black grouse, or a greyhen. 

A Asian black grouse is a black grouse of western Asia, also known as a Lyrurus mlokosiewiczi. 

A blackcock is male black grouse, also known as a black cock. 

A European black grouse is large northern European grouse that is black with a lyre-shaped tail, also known as a heathfowl, or a Lyrurus tetrix. 

A greyhen is female black grouse, also known as a grayhen, a grey hen, a gray hen, or a heath hen. 

A ptarmigan is large Arctic and subarctic grouse with feathered feet and usually white winter plumage. A ptarmigan can, more specifically, be a red grouse. 

A red grouse is reddish-brown grouse of upland moors of Great Britain, also known as a moorfowl, a moorbird, a moor-bird, a moorgame, or a Lagopus scoticus. A red grouse is either a moorcock, or a moorhen. 

A moorcock is male red grouse. 

A moorhen is female red grouse. 

A ruffed grouse is valued as a game bird in eastern United States and Canada, also known as a partridge, or a Bonasa umbellus. 

A sage grouse is large grouse of sagebrush regions of North America, also known as a sage hen, or a Centrocercus urophasianus. 

A capercaillie is large black Old World grouse, also known as a capercailzie, a horse of the wood, or a Tetrao urogallus. 

A prairie chicken is brown mottled North American grouse of western prairies, also known as a prairie grouse, or a prairie fowl. A prairie chicken is either a heath hen, a lesser prairie chicken, or a greater prairie chicken. 

A heath hen is extinct prairie chicken, also known as a Tympanuchus cupido cupido. 

A lesser prairie chicken is a smaller prairie chicken of western Texas, also known as a Tympanuchus pallidicinctus. 

A greater prairie chicken is the most common variety of prairie chicken, also known as a Tympanuchus cupido. 

A phasianid is a kind of game bird in the family Phasianidae. A phasianid is either a pheasant, a partridge, or a quail. 

A pheasant is large long-tailed gallinaceous bird native to the Old World but introduced elsewhere. A pheasant is either a peafowl, a ring-necked pheasant, an afropavo, a golden pheasant, an argus, a tragopan, or a monal. 

A peafowl is very large terrestrial southeast Asian pheasant often raised as an ornamental bird, also known as a bird of Juno. A peafowl is either a blue peafowl, a green peafowl, a peachick, a peacock, or a peahen. 

A blue peafowl is peafowl of India and Ceylon, also known as a Pavo cristatus. 

A green peafowl is peafowl of southeast Asia, also known as a Pavo muticus. 

A peachick is a young peafowl, also known as a pea-chick. 

A peacock is male peafowl; having a crested head and very large fanlike tail marked with iridescent eyes or spots. 

A peahen is female peafowl. 

A ring-necked pheasant is common pheasant having bright plumage and a white neck ring, also known as a Phasianus colchicus. 

An afropavo is both sexes are brightly colored, also known as a Congo peafowl, or a Afropavo congensis. 

A golden pheasant is brightly colored crested pheasant of mountains of western and central Asia, also known as a Chrysolophus pictus. 

An argus is large brilliantly patterned East Indian pheasant, also known as an argus pheasant. 

A tragopan is brilliantly colored Asian pheasant having wattles and two fleshy processes on the head. 

A monal is brilliantly colored pheasant of southern Asia, also known as a monaul. 

A partridge is small Old World gallinaceous game birds. A partridge is either a Hungarian partridge, a red-legged partridge, a mountain quail, or a Greek partridge. 

A Hungarian partridge is common European partridge, also known as a grey partridge, a gray partridge, or a Perdix perdix. 

A red-legged partridge is common western European partridge with red legs, also known as a Alectoris ruffa. 

A mountain quail is California partridge; slightly larger than the California quail, also known as a mountain partridge, or a Oreortyx picta palmeri. 

A Greek partridge is of mountainous areas of southern Europe, also known as a rock partridge, or a Alectoris graeca. 

A quail is small gallinaceous game birds. A quail is either a bobwhite, a California quail, or a Old World quail. 

A bobwhite is a popular North American game bird; named for its call, also known as a bobwhite quail, or a partridge. A bobwhite can, more specifically, be a northern bobwhite. 

A northern bobwhite is a favorite game bird of eastern and central United States, also known as a Colinus virginianus. 

A California quail is plump chunky bird of coastal California and Oregon, also known as a Lofortyx californicus. 

A Old World quail is small game bird with a rounded body and small tail. A Old World quail can, more specifically, be a migratory quail. 

A migratory quail is the typical Old World quail, also known as a Coturnix coturnix, or a Coturnix communis. 

A big game is large animals that are hunted for sport. 

A young is any immature animal, also known as an offspring. A young is either a young fish, a young mammal, an orphan, a hatchling, a spat, or a young bird. 

A young fish is a fish that is young. A young fish is either a whitebait, a brit, a parr, or a parr. 

A whitebait is the edible young of especially herrings and sprats and smelts. 

A brit is the young of a herring or sprat or similar fish, also known as a britt. 

A parr is a young salmon up to 2 years old. 

A parr is the young of various fishes. 

A young mammal is any immature mammal. A young mammal is either a wolf pup, a bullock, a baby, a calf, a cub, a foal, a heifer, a suckling, a pup, a kitten, a kit, a piglet, a lamb, a calf, or a fawn. 

A wolf pup is a young wolf, also known as a wolf cub. 

A bullock is young bull. 

A baby is a very young mammal. 

A calf is young of domestic cattle. A calf is either a maverick, or a dogie. 

A maverick is an unbranded range animal (especially a stray calf); belongs to the first person who puts a brand on it. 

A dogie is motherless calf in a range herd of cattle, also known as a dogy, or a leppy. 

A cub is the young of certain carnivorous mammals such as the bear or wolf or lion, also known as a young carnivore. A cub is either a tiger cub, a bear cub, or a lion cub. 

A tiger cub is a young tiger. 

A bear cub is a young bear. 

A lion cub is a young lion. 

A foal is a young horse. A foal is either a filly, or a colt. 

A filly is a young female horse under the age of four. 

A colt is a young male horse under the age of four. A colt can, more specifically, be a ridgeling. 

A ridgeling is a colt with undescended testicles, also known as a ridgling, a ridgel, or a ridgil. 

A heifer is young cow. 

A suckling is a young mammal that has not been weaned. 

A pup is young of any of various canines such as a dog or wolf, also known as a whelp. A pup can, more specifically, be a puppy. 

A puppy is a young dog. 

A kitten is young domestic cat, also known as a kitty. 

A kit is young of any of various fur-bearing animals. 

A piglet is a young pig, also known as a piggy, a shoat, or a shote. A piglet can, more specifically, be a sucking pig. 

A sucking pig is an unweaned piglet. 

A lamb is young sheep. A lamb is either a baa-lamb, a hog, a lambkin, a teg, or a Persian lamb. 

A baa-lamb is child's word for a sheep or lamb. 

A hog is a sheep up to the age of one year; one yet to be sheared, also known as a hogget, or a hogg. 

A lambkin is a very young lamb. 

A teg is two-year-old sheep. 

A Persian lamb is a karakul lamb. 

A calf is young of various large placental mammals e.g. whale or giraffe or elephant or buffalo. 

A fawn is a young deer. 

An orphan is a young animal without a mother. 

A hatchling is any recently hatched animal (especially birds). 

A spat is a young oyster or other bivalve. 

A young bird is a bird that is still young. A young bird is either a fledgling, a cygnet, a nestling, an eaglet, or a chick. 

A fledgling is young bird that has just fledged or become capable of flying, also known as a fledgeling. 

A cygnet is a young swan. 

A nestling is young bird not yet fledged, also known as a baby bird. 

An eaglet is a young eagle. 

A chick is young bird especially of domestic fowl, also known as a biddy. 

A creepy-crawly is an animal that creeps or crawls (such as worms or spiders or insects). 

A chordate is any animal of the phylum Chordata having a notochord or spinal column. A chordate is either a tunicate, a cephalochordate, or a vertebrate. 

A tunicate is primitive marine animal having a saclike unsegmented body and a urochord that is conspicuous in the larva, also known as a urochordate, or a urochord. A tunicate is either a salp, an appendicularia, an ascidian, a larvacean, or a doliolum. 

A salp is minute floating marine tunicate having a transparent body with an opening at each end, also known as a salpa. 

An appendicularia is free-swimming tadpole-shaped pelagic tunicate resembling larvae of other tunicates. 

An ascidian is minute sedentary marine invertebrate having a saclike body with siphons through which water enters and leaves. An ascidian can, more specifically, be a sea squirt. 

A sea squirt is ascidian that can contract its body and eject streams of water. 

A larvacean is any member of the class Larvacea. 

A doliolum is free-swimming oceanic tunicate with a barrel-shaped transparent body. 

A cephalochordate is fish-like animals having a notochord rather than a true spinal column. A cephalochordate can, more specifically, be a lancelet. 

A lancelet is small translucent lancet-shaped burrowing marine animal; primitive forerunner of the vertebrates, also known as an amphioxus. 

A vertebrate is animals having a bony or cartilaginous skeleton with a segmented spinal column and a large brain enclosed in a skull or cranium, also known as a craniate. A vertebrate is either a gnathostome, an amniote, a reptile, a bird, an amphibian, a Amniota, a tetrapod, a mammal, an aquatic vertebrate, or a fetus. 

A gnathostome is a vertebrate animal possessing true jaws. 

An amniote is any member of the Amniota. 

A reptile is any cold-blooded vertebrate of the class Reptilia including tortoises, turtles, snakes, lizards, alligators, crocodiles, and extinct forms, also known as a reptilian. A reptile is either a Diapsida, a synapsid, an anapsid, or a diapsid. 

A Diapsida is used in former classifications to include all living reptiles except turtles; superseded by the two subclasses Lepidosauria and Archosauria, also known as a subclass Diapsida. 

A synapsid is extinct reptile having a single pair of lateral temporal openings in the skull, also known as a synapsid reptile. A synapsid is either a pelycosaur, a dimetrodon, an edaphosaurus, an ictodosaur, or a therapsid. 

A pelycosaur is large primitive reptile having a tall spinal sail; of the Permian or late Paleozoic in Europe and North America. 

A dimetrodon is carnivorous dinosaur of the Permian in North America having a crest or dorsal sail. 

An edaphosaurus is heavy-bodied reptile with a dorsal sail or crest; of the late Paleozoic. 

An ictodosaur is intermediate in form between the therapsids and most primitive true mammals. 

A therapsid is probably warm-blooded; considered direct ancestor of mammals, also known as a protomammal. A therapsid is either a dicynodont, a cynodont, or a Chronoperates paradoxus. 

A dicynodont is a kind of therapsid. 

A cynodont is small carnivorous reptiles. 

A Chronoperates paradoxus is shrew-sized protomammal from the Alberta region of Canada; from about 55 million years ago (much more recent than other mammal-like reptiles). 

An anapsid is primitive reptile having no opening in the temporal region of the skull; all extinct except turtles, also known as an anapsid reptile. An anapsid can, more specifically, be a chelonian. 

A chelonian is a reptile of the order Chelonia, also known as a chelonian reptile. A chelonian can, more specifically, be a turtle. 

A turtle is any of various aquatic and land reptiles having a bony shell and flipper-like limbs for swimming. A turtle is either a snapping turtle, a tortoise, a painted turtle, a terrapin, a slider, a red-bellied terrapin, a soft-shelled turtle, a mud turtle, a cooter, a box turtle, or a sea turtle. 

A snapping turtle is large aggressive freshwater turtle with powerful jaws. A snapping turtle is either a common snapping turtle, or an alligator snapping turtle. 

A common snapping turtle is large-headed turtle with powerful hooked jaws found in or near water; prone to bite, also known as a snapper, or a Chelydra serpentina. 

An alligator snapping turtle is large species having three ridges on its back; found in southeastern United States, also known as an alligator snapper, or a Macroclemys temmincki. 

A tortoise is usually herbivorous land turtles having clawed elephant-like limbs; worldwide in arid area except Australia and Antarctica. A tortoise is either a Texas tortoise, a gopher tortoise, a European tortoise, a giant tortoise, or a desert tortoise. 

A Texas tortoise is close relative to the desert tortoise; may be reclassified as a member of genus Xerobates. 

A gopher tortoise is burrowing edible land tortoise of southeastern North America, also known as a gopher turtle, a gopher, or a Gopherus polypemus. 

A European tortoise is small land tortoise of southern Europe, also known as a Testudo graeca. 

A giant tortoise is very large tortoises of the Galapagos and Seychelles islands. 

A desert tortoise is burrowing tortoise of the arid western United States and northern Mexico; may be reclassified as a member of genus Xerobates, also known as a Gopherus agassizii. 

A painted turtle is freshwater turtles having bright yellow and red markings; common in the eastern United States, also known as a painted terrapin, a painted tortoise, or a Chrysemys picta. 

A terrapin is any of various edible North American web-footed turtles living in fresh or brackish water. A terrapin can, more specifically, be a diamondback terrapin. 

A diamondback terrapin is of marshes along Atlantic and Gulf Coasts of United States, also known as a Malaclemys centrata. 

A slider is freshwater turtle of United States and South America; frequently raised commercially; some young sold as pets, also known as a yellow-bellied terrapin, or a Pseudemys scripta. 

A red-bellied terrapin is freshwater turtle of Chesapeake Bay tributaries having red markings on the lower shell, also known as a red-bellied turtle, a redbelly, or a Pseudemys rubriventris. 

A soft-shelled turtle is voracious aquatic turtle with a flat flexible shell covered by a leathery skin; can inflict painful bites, also known as a pancake turtle. A soft-shelled turtle is either a smooth softshell, or a spiny softshell. 

A smooth softshell is river turtle of Mississippi basin; prefers running water, also known as a Trionyx muticus. 

A spiny softshell is river turtle of western United States with a warty shell; prefers quiet water, also known as a Trionyx spiniferus. 

A mud turtle is bottom-dwelling freshwater turtle inhabiting muddy rivers of North America and Central America. A mud turtle can, more specifically, be a musk turtle. 

A musk turtle is small freshwater turtle having a strong musky odor, also known as a stinkpot. 

A cooter is large river turtle of the southern United States and northern Mexico, also known as a river cooter, or a Pseudemys concinna. 

A box turtle is chiefly terrestrial turtle of North America; shell can be closed tightly, also known as a box tortoise. A box turtle can, more specifically, be a Western box turtle. 

A Western box turtle is primarily a prairie turtle of western United States and northern Mexico, also known as a Terrapene ornata. 

A sea turtle is any of various large turtles with limbs modified into flippers; widely distributed in warm seas, also known as a marine turtle. A sea turtle is either a green turtle, a ridley, a hawksbill turtle, a leatherback turtle, or a loggerhead. 

A green turtle is large tropical turtle with greenish flesh used for turtle soup, also known as a Chelonia mydas. 

A ridley is a marine turtle. A ridley is either a Atlantic ridley, or a Pacific ridley. 

A Atlantic ridley is grey sea turtle of the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts of North America, also known as a bastard ridley, a bastard turtle, or a Lepidochelys kempii. 

A Pacific ridley is olive-colored sea turtle of tropical Pacific and Indian and the southern Atlantic oceans, also known as an olive ridley, or a Lepidochelys olivacea. 

A hawksbill turtle is pugnacious tropical sea turtle with a hawk-like beak; source of food and the best tortoiseshell, also known as a hawksbill, a hawkbill, a tortoiseshell turtle, or a Eretmochelys imbricata. 

A leatherback turtle is wide-ranging marine turtle with flexible leathery carapace; largest living turtle, also known as a leatherback, a leathery turtle, or a Dermochelys coriacea. 

A loggerhead is very large carnivorous sea turtle; wide-ranging in warm open seas, also known as a loggerhead turtle, or a Caretta caretta. 

A diapsid is reptile having a pair of openings in the skull behind each eye, also known as a diapsid reptile. A diapsid is either a snake, a crocodilian reptile, a saurian, a tuatara, or an archosaur. 

A snake is limbless scaly elongate reptile; some are venomous, also known as a serpent, or an ophidian. A snake is either a viper, a colubrid snake, a blind snake, a sea snake, an elapid, or a constrictor. 

A viper is venomous Old World snakes characterized by hollow venom-conducting fangs in the upper jaw. A viper is either an asp, a gaboon viper, a puff adder, a pit viper, an adder, or a horned viper. 

An asp is of southern Europe; similar to but smaller than the adder, also known as an asp viper, or a Vipera aspis. 

A gaboon viper is large heavy-bodied brilliantly marked and extremely venomous west African viper, also known as a Bitis gabonica. 

A puff adder is large African viper that inflates its body when alarmed, also known as a Bitis arietans. 

A pit viper is New World vipers with hollow fangs and a heat-sensitive pit on each side of the head. A pit viper is either a rattlesnake, a fer-de-lance, a water moccasin, or a copperhead. 

A rattlesnake is pit viper with horny segments at the end of the tail that rattle when shaken, also known as a rattler. A rattlesnake is either a Mojave rattlesnake, a Western diamondback, a massasauga, a prairie rattlesnake, a tiger rattlesnake, a sidewinder, a speckled rattlesnake, a timber rattlesnake, a rock rattlesnake, a diamondback, or a ground rattler. 

A Mojave rattlesnake is extremely dangerous; most common in areas of scattered scrubby growth; from Mojave Desert to western Texas and into Mexico, also known as a Crotalus scutulatus. 

A Western diamondback is largest and most dangerous North American snake; of southwestern United States and Mexico, also known as a Western diamondback rattlesnake, or a Crotalus atrox. 

A massasauga is pygmy rattlesnake found in moist areas from the Great Lakes to Mexico; feeds on mice and small amphibians, also known as a massasauga rattler, or a Sistrurus catenatus. 

A prairie rattlesnake is widely distributed between the Mississippi and the Rockies, also known as a prairie rattler, a Western rattlesnake, or a Crotalus viridis. 

A tiger rattlesnake is having irregularly cross-banded back; of arid foothills and canyons of southern Arizona and Mexico, also known as a Crotalus tigris. 

A sidewinder is small pale-colored desert rattlesnake of southwestern United States; body moves in an s-shaped curve, also known as a horned rattlesnake, or a Crotalus cerastes. 

A speckled rattlesnake is markings vary but usually harmonize with background; of southwestern Arizona and Baja California, also known as a Crotalus mitchellii. 

A timber rattlesnake is widely distributed in rugged ground of eastern United States, also known as a banded rattlesnake, or a Crotalus horridus horridus. A timber rattlesnake can, more specifically, be a canebrake rattlesnake. 

A canebrake rattlesnake is southern variety, also known as a canebrake rattler, or a Crotalus horridus atricaudatus. 

A rock rattlesnake is mountain rock dweller of Mexico and most southern parts of United States southwest, also known as a Crotalus lepidus. 

A diamondback is large deadly rattlesnake with diamond-shaped markings, also known as a diamondback rattlesnake, or a Crotalus adamanteus. 

A ground rattler is small pygmy rattlesnake, also known as a massasauga, or a Sistrurus miliaris. 

A fer-de-lance is large extremely venomous pit viper of Central America and South America, also known as a Bothrops atrops. 

A water moccasin is venomous semiaquatic snake of swamps in southern United States, also known as a cottonmouth, a cottonmouth moccasin, or a Agkistrodon piscivorus. 

A copperhead is common coppery brown pit viper of upland eastern United States, also known as a Agkistrodon contortrix. 

An adder is small terrestrial viper common in northern Eurasia, also known as a common viper, or a Vipera berus. 

A horned viper is highly venomous viper of northern Africa and southwestern Asia having a horny spine above each eye, also known as a cerastes, a sand viper, a horned asp, or a Cerastes cornutus. 

A colubrid snake is mostly harmless temperate-to-tropical terrestrial or arboreal or aquatic snakes, also known as a colubrid. A colubrid snake is either a red-bellied snake, a night snake, an eastern ground snake, a bull snake, a king snake, a ground snake, a green snake, a vine snake, a hoop snake, a racer, a sand snake, a glossy snake, a ringneck snake, a green snake, a garter snake, a lyre snake, a hognose snake, a water snake, a black-headed snake, a whip-snake, a rat snake, a lined snake, a thunder snake, a leaf-nosed snake, or an indigo snake. 

A red-bellied snake is harmless woodland snake of southeastern United States, also known as a Storeria occipitamaculata. 

A night snake is nocturnal prowler of western United States and Mexico, also known as a Hypsiglena torquata. 

An eastern ground snake is in some classifications placed in genus Haldea; small reddish-grey snake of eastern North America, also known as a Potamophis striatula, or a Haldea striatula. 

A bull snake is any of several large harmless rodent-eating North American burrowing snakes, also known as a bull-snake. A bull snake is either a gopher snake, or a pine snake. 

A gopher snake is bull snake of western North America that invades rodent burrows, also known as a Pituophis melanoleucus. 

A pine snake is any of several bull snakes of eastern and southeastern United States found chiefly in pine woods; now threatened. 

A king snake is any of numerous nonvenomous North American constrictors; feed on other snakes and small mammals, also known as a kingsnake. A king snake is either a common kingsnake, or a milk snake. 

A common kingsnake is widespread in United States except northern regions; black or brown with yellow bands, also known as a Lampropeltis getulus. 

A milk snake is nonvenomous tan and brown king snake with an arrow-shaped occipital spot; southeastern ones have red stripes like coral snakes, also known as a house snake, a milk adder, a checkered adder, or a Lampropeltis triangulum. 

A ground snake is small shy brightly-ringed terrestrial snake of arid or semiarid areas of western North America, also known as a Sonora semiannulata. 

A green snake is any of numerous African colubrid snakes. 

A vine snake is slender arboreal snake found from southern Arizona to Bolivia. 

A hoop snake is any of various harmless North American snakes that were formerly believed to take tail in mouth and roll along like a hoop. 

A racer is slender fast-moving North American snakes. A racer is either a horseshoe whipsnake, or a blacksnake. 

A horseshoe whipsnake is slender fast-moving Eurasian snake, also known as a Coluber hippocrepis. 

A blacksnake is blackish racer of the eastern United States that grows to six feet, also known as a black racer, or a Coluber constrictor. A blacksnake can, more specifically, be a blue racer. 

A blue racer is bluish-green blacksnake found from Ohio to Texas, also known as a Coluber constrictor flaviventris. 

A sand snake is small North American burrowing snake. A sand snake can, more specifically, be a banded sand snake. 

A banded sand snake is a sand snake of southwestern United States; lives in fine to coarse sand or loamy soil in which it `swims'; banding resembles that of coral snakes, also known as a Chilomeniscus cinctus. 

A glossy snake is nocturnal burrowing snake of western United States with shiny tan scales, also known as a Arizona elegans. 

A ringneck snake is any of numerous small nonvenomous North American snakes with a yellow or orange ring around the neck, also known as a ring-necked snake, or a ring snake. 

A green snake is either of two North American chiefly insectivorous snakes that are green in color, also known as a grass snake. A green snake is either a rough green snake, or a smooth green snake. 

A rough green snake is of southern and eastern United States, also known as a Opheodrys aestivus. 

A smooth green snake is of western and central United States, also known as a Opheodrys vernalis. 

A garter snake is any of numerous nonvenomous longitudinally-striped viviparous North American and Central American snakes, also known as a grass snake. A garter snake is either a Western ribbon snake, a common garter snake, or a ribbon snake. 

A Western ribbon snake is yellow- or reddish-striped snake of temperate woodlands and grasslands to tropics, also known as a Thamnophis proximus. 

A common garter snake is a garter snake that is widespread in North America, also known as a Thamnophis sirtalis. 

A ribbon snake is slender yellow-striped North American garter snake; prefers wet places, also known as a Thamnophis sauritus. 

A lyre snake is mildly venomous snake with a lyre-shaped mark on the head; found in rocky areas from southwestern United States to Central America. A lyre snake can, more specifically, be a Sonoran lyre snake. 

A Sonoran lyre snake is of desert regions of southwestern North America, also known as a Trimorphodon lambda. 

A hognose snake is harmless North American snake with upturned nose; may spread its head and neck or play dead when disturbed, also known as a puff adder, or a sand viper. 

A water snake is any of various mostly harmless snakes that live in or near water. A water snake is either a water moccasin, a common water snake, or a grass snake. 

A water moccasin is any of numerous North American water snakes inhabiting fresh waters. 

A common water snake is in some classifications placed in the genus Nerodia; western United States snake that seldom ventures far from water, also known as a banded water snake, a Natrix sipedon, or a Nerodia sipedon. 

A grass snake is harmless European snake with a bright yellow collar; common in England, also known as a ring snake, a ringed snake, or a Natrix natrix. A grass snake can, more specifically, be a viperine grass snake. 

A viperine grass snake is a small harmless grass snake, also known as a Natrix maura. 

A black-headed snake is small secretive ground-living snake; found from central United States to Argentina. 

A whip-snake is any of several small fast-moving snakes with long whiplike tails, also known as a whip snake, or a whipsnake. A whip-snake is either a coachwhip, a California whipsnake, or a Sonoran whipsnake. 

A coachwhip is a whipsnake of southern United States and Mexico; tail resembles a braided whip, also known as a coachwhip snake, or a Masticophis flagellum. 

A California whipsnake is a whipsnake of scrublands and rocky hillsides, also known as a striped racer, or a Masticophis lateralis. 

A Sonoran whipsnake is both terrestrial and arboreal snake of United States southwest, also known as a Masticophis bilineatus. 

A rat snake is any of various nonvenomous rodent-eating snakes of North America and Asia. A rat snake is either a corn snake, a black rat snake, a chicken snake, or a Indian rat snake. 

A corn snake is large harmless snake of southeastern United States; often on farms, also known as a red rat snake, or a Elaphe guttata. 

A black rat snake is large harmless shiny black North American snake, also known as a blacksnake, a pilot blacksnake, a mountain blacksnake, or a Elaphe obsoleta. 

A chicken snake is large North American snake. 

A Indian rat snake is enter buildings in pursuit of prey, also known as a Ptyas mucosus. 

A lined snake is secretive snake of city dumps and parks as well as prairies and open woods; feeds on earthworms; of central United States, also known as a Tropidoclonion lineatum. 

A thunder snake is small reddish wormlike snake of eastern United States, also known as a worm snake, or a Carphophis amoenus. 

A leaf-nosed snake is any of various pale blotched snakes with a blunt snout of southwestern North America. 

An indigo snake is large dark-blue nonvenomous snake that invades burrows; found in southern North America and Mexico, also known as a gopher snake, or a Drymarchon corais. An indigo snake can, more specifically, be a eastern indigo snake. 

An eastern indigo snake is a variety of indigo snake, also known as a Drymarchon corais couperi. 

A blind snake is wormlike burrowing snake of warm regions having vestigial eyes, also known as a worm snake. A blind snake can, more specifically, be a western blind snake. 

A western blind snake is burrows among roots of shrubs and beneath rocks in desert and rocky hillside areas and beach sand of western United States, also known as a Leptotyphlops humilis. 

A sea snake is any of numerous venomous aquatic viviparous snakes having a fin-like tail; of warm littoral seas; feed on fish which they immobilize with quick-acting venom. 

An elapid is any of numerous venomous fanged snakes of warmer parts of both hemispheres, also known as an elapid snake. An elapid is either a coral snake, a krait, a Australian blacksnake, a cobra, a coral snake, a tiger snake, a ringhals, a mamba, a copperhead, a taipan, or a death adder. 

A coral snake is any of several venomous New World snakes brilliantly banded in red and black and either yellow or white; widely distributed in South America and Central America, also known as a harlequin-snake, or a New World coral snake. A coral snake is either an eastern coral snake, or a western coral snake. 

An eastern coral snake is ranges from Central America to southeastern United States, also known as a Micrurus fulvius. 

A western coral snake is ranges from Central America to southwestern United States, also known as a Micruroides euryxanthus. 

A krait is brightly colored venomous but nonaggressive snake of southeastern Asia and Malay peninsula. A krait can, more specifically, be a banded krait. 

A banded krait is sluggish krait banded with black and yellow, also known as a banded adder, or a Bungarus fasciatus. 

A Australian blacksnake is large semiaquatic snake of Australia; black above with red belly, also known as a Pseudechis porphyriacus. 

A cobra is venomous Asiatic and African elapid snakes that can expand the skin of the neck into a hood. A cobra is either a black-necked cobra, an asp, a Indian cobra, or a hamadryad. 

A black-necked cobra is aggressive cobra widely distributed in Africa; rarely bites but spits venom that may cause blindness, also known as a spitting cobra, or a Naja nigricollis. 

An asp is cobra used by the Pharaohs as a symbol of their power over life and death, also known as a Egyptian cobra, or a Naja haje. 

A Indian cobra is a cobra of tropical Africa and Asia, also known as a Naja naja. 

A hamadryad is large cobra of southeastern Asia and the East Indies; the largest venomous snake; sometimes placed in genus Naja, also known as a king cobra, a Ophiophagus hannah, or a Naja hannah. 

A coral snake is any of various venomous elapid snakes of Asia and Africa and Australia, also known as a Old World coral snake. A coral snake is either a Australian coral snake, a African coral snake, or a Asian coral snake. 

A Australian coral snake is small venomous but harmless snake marked with black-and-white on red, also known as a Rhynchoelaps australis. 

A African coral snake is small widely distributed arboreal snake of southern Africa banded in black and orange, also known as a Aspidelaps lubricus. 

A Asian coral snake is of India. 

A tiger snake is highly venomous brown-and-yellow snake of Australia and Tasmania, also known as a Notechis scutatus. 

A ringhals is highly venomous snake of southern Africa able to spit venom up to seven feet, also known as a rinkhals, a spitting snake, or a Hemachatus haemachatus. 

A mamba is arboreal snake of central and southern Africa whose bite is often fatal. A mamba can, more specifically, be a black mamba. 

A black mamba is a highly venomous southern African mamba dreaded because of its quickness and readiness to bite, also known as a Dendroaspis augusticeps. A black mamba can, more specifically, be a green mamba. 

A green mamba is green phase of the black mamba. 

A copperhead is venomous but sluggish reddish-brown snake of Australia, also known as a Denisonia superba. 

A taipan is large highly venomous snake of northeastern Australia, also known as a Oxyuranus scutellatus. 

A death adder is venomous Australian snake resembling an adder, also known as a Acanthophis antarcticus. 

A constrictor is any of various large nonvenomous snakes that kill their prey by crushing it in its coils. A constrictor can, more specifically, be a boa. 

A boa is any of several chiefly tropical constrictors with vestigial hind limbs. A boa is either a boa constrictor, a python, an anaconda, a rosy boa, or a rubber boa. 

A boa constrictor is very large boa of tropical America and West Indies, also known as a Constrictor constrictor. 

A python is large Old World boas. A python is either a reticulated python, an amethystine python, a Indian python, a carpet snake, or a rock python. 

A reticulated python is of southeast Asia and East Indies; the largest snake in the world, also known as a Python reticulatus. 

An amethystine python is a python having the color of amethyst. 

A Indian python is very large python of southeast Asia, also known as a Python molurus. 

A carpet snake is Australian python with a variegated pattern on its back, also known as a Python variegatus, or a Morelia spilotes variegatus. 

A rock python is very large python of tropical and southern Africa, also known as a rock snake, or a Python sebae. 

An anaconda is large arboreal boa of tropical South America, also known as a Eunectes murinus. 

A rosy boa is boa of rocky desert of southwestern United States, also known as a Lichanura trivirgata. 

A rubber boa is boa of grasslands and woodlands of western North America; looks and feels like rubber with tail and head of similar shape, also known as a tow-headed snake, or a Charina bottae. 

A crocodilian reptile is extant archosaurian reptile, also known as a crocodilian. A crocodilian reptile is either an alligator, a gavial, a caiman, a false gavial, or a crocodile. 

An alligator is either of two amphibious reptiles related to crocodiles but with shorter broader snouts, also known as a gator. An alligator is either a Chinese alligator, or a American alligator. 

A Chinese alligator is small alligator of the Yangtze valley of China having unwebbed digits, also known as a Alligator sinensis. 

A American alligator is large alligator of the southeastern United States, also known as a Alligator mississipiensis. 

A gavial is large fish-eating Indian crocodilian with a long slender snout, also known as a Gavialis gangeticus. 

A caiman is a semiaquatic reptile of Central and South America that resembles an alligator but has a more heavily armored belly, also known as a cayman. A caiman can, more specifically, be a spectacled caiman. 

A spectacled caiman is caiman with bony ridges about the eyes; found from southern Mexico to Argentina, also known as a Caiman sclerops. 

A false gavial is crocodile of southeast Asia similar to but smaller than the gavial, also known as a Tomistoma schlegeli. 

A crocodile is large voracious aquatic reptile having a long snout with massive jaws and sharp teeth and a body covered with bony plates; of sluggish tropical waters. A crocodile is either a Asian crocodile, a Morlett's crocodile, or a African crocodile. 

A Asian crocodile is estuarine crocodile of eastern Asia and Pacific islands, also known as a Crocodylus porosus. 

A Morlett's crocodile is a variety of crocodile. 

A African crocodile is a dangerous crocodile widely distributed in Africa, also known as a Nile crocodile, or a Crocodylus niloticus. 

A saurian is any of various reptiles of the suborder Sauria which includes lizards; in former classifications included also the crocodiles and dinosaurs. A saurian can, more specifically, be a lizard. 

A lizard is relatively long-bodied reptile with usually two pairs of legs and a tapering tail. A lizard is either a legless lizard, a chameleon, an anguid lizard, a monitor, a lacertid lizard, a teiid lizard, a worm lizard, a night lizard, a Lanthanotus borneensis, an iguanid, a gecko, a skink, a venomous lizard, or an agamid. 

A legless lizard is degenerate wormlike burrowing lizard of California closely related to alligator lizards. 

A chameleon is lizard of Africa and Madagascar able to change skin color and having a projectile tongue, also known as a chamaeleon. A chameleon is either a horned chameleon, or a African chameleon. 

A horned chameleon is a kind of chameleon, also known as a Chamaeleo oweni. 

A African chameleon is a chameleon found in Africa, also known as a Chamaeleo chamaeleon. 

An anguid lizard is any of a small family of lizards widely distributed in warm areas; all are harmless and useful as destroyers of e.g. slugs and insects. An anguid lizard is either an alligator lizard, a blindworm, or a glass lizard. 

An alligator lizard is slim short-limbed lizard having a distinctive fold on each side that permits expansion; of western North America. 

A blindworm is small burrowing legless European lizard with tiny eyes; popularly believed to be blind, also known as a slowworm, or a Anguis fragilis. 

A glass lizard is snakelike lizard of Europe and Asia and North America with vestigial hind limbs and the ability to regenerate its long fragile tail, also known as a glass snake, or a joint snake. 

A monitor is any of various large tropical carnivorous lizards of Africa and Asia and Australia; fabled to warn of crocodiles, also known as a monitor lizard, or a varan. A monitor is either a Komodo dragon, or a African monitor. 

A Komodo dragon is the largest lizard in the world (10 feet); found on Indonesian islands, also known as a Komodo lizard, a dragon lizard, a giant lizard, or a Varanus komodoensis. 

A African monitor is destroys crocodile eggs, also known as a Varanus niloticus. 

A lacertid lizard is Old World terrestrial lizard, also known as a lacertid. A lacertid lizard is either a green lizard, or a sand lizard. 

A green lizard is a common Eurasian lizard about a foot long, also known as a Lacerta viridis. 

A sand lizard is a common and widely distributed lizard of Europe and central Asia, also known as a Lacerta agilis. 

A teiid lizard is tropical New World lizard with a long tail and large rectangular scales on the belly and a long tail, also known as a teiid. A teiid lizard is either a teju, a whiptail, or a caiman lizard. 

A teju is large (to 3 feet) blackish yellow-banded South American lizard; raid henhouses; used as food. 

A whiptail is any of numerous very agile and alert New World lizards, also known as a whiptail lizard. A whiptail is either a racerunner, a plateau striped whiptail, a western whiptail, a checkered whiptail, or a Chihuahuan spotted whiptail. 

A racerunner is very swift lizard of eastern and central United States, also known as a race runner, a six-lined racerunner, or a Cnemidophorus sexlineatus. 

A plateau striped whiptail is having distinct longitudinal stripes: of Colorado Plateau from Arizona to western Colorado, also known as a Cnemidophorus velox. 

A western whiptail is active lizard having a network of dusky dark markings; of semiarid areas from Oregon and Idaho to Baja California, also known as a Cnemidophorus tigris. 

A checkered whiptail is markings are darker and more marked than in western whiptail; from southeastern Colorado to eastern Chihuahua, also known as a Cnemidophorus tesselatus. 

A Chihuahuan spotted whiptail is having longitudinal stripes overlaid with light spots; upland lizard of United States southwest and Mexico, also known as a Cnemidophorus exsanguis. 

A caiman lizard is crocodile-like lizard of South America having powerful jaws for crushing snails and mussels. 

A worm lizard is a lizard of the genus Amphisbaena; harmless wormlike limbless lizard of warm or tropical regions having concealed eyes and ears and a short blunt tail. 

A night lizard is small secretive nocturnal lizard of southwestern North America and Cuba; bear live young. 

A Lanthanotus borneensis is a stout-bodied pleurodont lizard of Borneo. 

An iguanid is lizards of the New World and Madagascar and some Pacific islands; typically having a long tail and bright throat patch in males, also known as an iguanid lizard. An iguanid is either a desert iguana, a common iguana, a horned lizard, a basilisk, a tree lizard, a American chameleon, a collared lizard, a zebra-tailed lizard, an earless lizard, a fringe-toed lizard, a spiny lizard, a chuckwalla, a marine iguana, a side-blotched lizard, or a leopard lizard. 

A desert iguana is small long-tailed lizard of arid areas of southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico, also known as a Dipsosaurus dorsalis. 

A common iguana is large herbivorous tropical American arboreal lizards with a spiny crest along the back; used as human food in Central America and South America, also known as an iguana, or a Iguana iguana. 

A horned lizard is insectivorous lizard with hornlike spines on the head and spiny scales on the body; of western North America, also known as a horned toad, or a horny frog. A horned lizard can, more specifically, be a Texas horned lizard. 

A Texas horned lizard is of arid and semiarid open country, also known as a Phrynosoma cornutum. 

A basilisk is small crested arboreal lizard able to run on its hind legs; of tropical America. 

A tree lizard is a climbing lizard of western United States and northern Mexico, also known as a Urosaurus ornatus. 

A American chameleon is small arboreal tropical American insectivorous lizards with the ability to change skin color, also known as an anole, or a Anolis carolinensis. 

A collared lizard is any of several robust long-tailed lizards with collars of two dark bands; of central and western United States and northern Mexico. 

A zebra-tailed lizard is swift lizard with long black-banded tail and long legs; of deserts of United States and Mexico, also known as a gridiron-tailed lizard, or a Callisaurus draconoides. 

An earless lizard is any of several slender lizards without external ear openings: of plains of western United States and Mexico. 

A fringe-toed lizard is with long pointed scales around toes; of deserts of United States and Mexico, also known as a Uma notata. 

A spiny lizard is any of numerous lizards with overlapping ridged pointed scales; of North America and Central America. A spiny lizard is either a fence lizard, or a sagebrush lizard. 

A fence lizard is spiny lizard often seen basking on fences in the United States and northern Mexico. A fence lizard is either an eastern fence lizard, or a western fence lizard. 

An eastern fence lizard is small active lizard of United States and north to British Columbia, also known as a pine lizard, or a Sceloporus undulatus. 

A western fence lizard is common western lizard; seen on logs or rocks, also known as a swift, a blue-belly, or a Sceloporus occidentalis. 

A sagebrush lizard is a ground dweller that prefers open ground and scattered low bushes; of United States west between Rocky and Sierra Nevada Mountains, also known as a Sceloporus graciosus. 

A chuckwalla is a herbivorous lizard that lives among rocks in the arid parts of southwestern United States and Mexico, also known as a Sauromalus obesus. 

A marine iguana is shore-dwelling seaweed-eating lizard of the Galapagos Islands, also known as a Amblyrhynchus cristatus. 

A side-blotched lizard is one of the most abundant lizards in the arid western United States, also known as a sand lizard, or a Uta stansburiana. 

A leopard lizard is any of several large lizards with many dark spots; of western United States and northern Mexico. 

A gecko is any of various small chiefly tropical and usually nocturnal insectivorous terrestrial lizards typically with immovable eyelids; completely harmless. A gecko is either a flying gecko, or a banded gecko. 

A flying gecko is a gecko that has membranous expansions along the sides of its body and limbs and tail that enable it to glide short distances, also known as a fringed gecko, or a Ptychozoon homalocephalum. 

A banded gecko is any of several geckos with dark bands across the body and differing from typical geckos in having movable eyelids; of United States southwest and Florida Gulf Coast. 

A skink is alert agile lizard with reduced limbs and an elongated body covered with shiny scales; more dependent on moisture than most lizards; found in tropical regions worldwide, also known as a scincid, or a scincid lizard. A skink is either a mountain skink, or a western skink. 

A mountain skink is frequents oak and pine habitats in rocky mountainous areas of United States southwest and Mexico, also known as a Eumeces callicephalus. 

A western skink is found in western North American grasslands and open woodlands, also known as a Eumeces skiltonianus. 

A venomous lizard is any of two or three large heavy-bodied lizards; only known venomous lizards. A venomous lizard is either a beaded lizard, or a Gila monster. 

A beaded lizard is lizard with black and yellowish beadlike scales; of western Mexico, also known as a Mexican beaded lizard, or a Heloderma horridum. 

A Gila monster is large orange and black lizard of southwestern United States; not dangerous unless molested, also known as a Heloderma suspectum. 

An agamid is a lizard of the family Agamidae, also known as an agamid lizard. An agamid is either a frilled lizard, a dragon, an agama, or a moloch. 

A frilled lizard is large arboreal insectivorous Australian lizard with a ruff of skin around the neck, also known as a Chlamydosaurus kingi. 

A dragon is any of several small tropical Asian lizards capable of gliding by spreading winglike membranes on each side of the body, also known as a flying dragon, or a flying lizard. 

An agama is small terrestrial lizard of warm regions of the Old World. 

A moloch is any lizard of the genus Moloch. A moloch can, more specifically, be a mountain devil. 

A mountain devil is desert lizard that feeds on ants, also known as a spiny lizard, or a Moloch horridus. 

A tuatara is only extant member of the order Rhynchocephalia of large spiny lizard-like diapsid reptiles of coastal islands off New Zealand, also known as a Sphenodon punctatum. 

An archosaur is extinct reptiles including: dinosaurs; plesiosaurs; pterosaurs; ichthyosaurs; thecodonts, also known as an archosaurian, or an archosaurian reptile. An archosaur is either a nothosaur, a pterosaur, a dinosaur, a thecodont, an ichthyosaur, or a plesiosaur. 

A nothosaur is extinct marine reptile with longer more slender limbs than plesiosaurs and less completely modified for swimming. 

A pterosaur is an extinct reptile of the Jurassic and Cretaceous having a bird-like beak and membranous wings supported by the very long fourth digit of each forelimb, also known as a flying reptile. A pterosaur can, more specifically, be a pterodactyl. 

A pterodactyl is extinct flying reptile. 

A dinosaur is any of numerous extinct terrestrial reptiles of the Mesozoic era. A dinosaur is either a titanosaur, an ornithischian, an argentinosaur, a saurischian, a diplodocus, a ground-shaker, or an iguanodon. 

A titanosaur is amphibious quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur with a long thin neck and whiplike tail; of the Cretaceous mostly in the southern hemisphere, also known as a titanosaurian. A titanosaur can, more specifically, be a genus Argentinosaurus. 

A genus Argentinosaurus is enormous dinosaur of the middle Cretaceous found in Argentina. 

An ornithischian is herbivorous dinosaur with a pelvis like that of a bird, also known as an ornithischian dinosaur. An ornithischian is either an ornithopod, a bone-headed dinosaur, a staurikosaur, a pisanosaur, a hadrosaur, an armored dinosaur, or a ceratopsian. 

An ornithopod is bipedal herbivorous dinosaur, also known as an ornithopod dinosaur. 

A bone-headed dinosaur is bipedal herbivorous dinosaurs with bony crowns. A bone-headed dinosaur can, more specifically, be a pachycephalosaur. 

A pachycephalosaur is bipedal herbivore having 10 inches of bone atop its head; largest boneheaded dinosaur ever found, also known as a pachycephalosaurus. 

A staurikosaur is primitive dinosaur found in Brazil, also known as a staurikosaurus. 

A pisanosaur is primitive dinosaur found in Argentina, also known as a pisanosaurus. 

A hadrosaur is any of numerous large bipedal ornithischian dinosaurs having a horny duck-like bill and webbed feet; may have been partly aquatic, also known as a hadrosaurus, or a duck-billed dinosaur. A hadrosaur is either a corythosaur, an edmontosaurus, a trachodon, or an anatotitan. 

A corythosaur is duck-billed dinosaur with nasal passages that expand into a crest like a hollow helmet, also known as a corythosaurus. 

An edmontosaurus is duck-billed dinosaur from Canada found as a fossilized mummy with skin. 

A trachodon is large duck-billed dinosaur of the Cretaceous period, also known as a trachodont. 

An anatotitan is one of the largest and most famous duck-billed dinosaurs. 

An armored dinosaur is dinosaurs having bony armour. An armored dinosaur is either a stegosaur, or an ankylosaur. 

A stegosaur is herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur with a row of bony plates along its back and a spiked tail probably used as a weapon, also known as a stegosaurus, or a Stegosaur stenops. 

An ankylosaur is having the back covered with thick bony plates; thought to have walked with a sprawling gait resembling a lizard's, also known as an ankylosaurus. An ankylosaur can, more specifically, be a Edmontonia. 

A Edmontonia is heavily armored and highly spiked dinosaur with semi-upright posture. 

A ceratopsian is any of several four-footed herbivorous dinosaurs with enormous beaked skulls; of the late Cretaceous in North America and Mongolia, also known as a horned dinosaur. A ceratopsian is either a triceratops, a protoceratops, a styracosaur, or a psittacosaur. 

A triceratops is huge ceratopsian dinosaur having three horns and the neck heavily armored with a very solid frill. 

A protoceratops is small horned dinosaur. 

A styracosaur is an unusual ceratopsian dinosaur having many large spikes around the edge of its bony frill and a long nose horn; late Cretaceous, also known as a styracosaurus. 

A psittacosaur is primitive dinosaur actually lacking horns and having only the beginning of a frill; long hind limbs and short forelimbs; may have been bipedal, also known as a psittacosaurus. 

An argentinosaur is huge herbivorous dinosaur of Cretaceous found in Argentina. 

A saurischian is herbivorous or carnivorous dinosaur having a three-pronged pelvis like that of a crocodile, also known as a saurischian dinosaur. A saurischian is either a sauropod, or a theropod. 

A sauropod is very large herbivorous dinosaur of the Jurassic and Cretaceous having a small head a long neck and tail and five-toed limbs; largest known land animal, also known as a sauropod dinosaur. A sauropod is either an apatosaur, or a barosaur. 

An apatosaur is huge quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur common in North America in the late Jurassic, also known as an apatosaurus, a brontosaur, a brontosaurus, a thunder lizard, or a Apatosaurus excelsus. 

A barosaur is a dinosaur that could grow to be as tall as a building five stories tall, also known as a barosaurus. 

A theropod is any of numerous carnivorous dinosaurs of the Triassic to Cretaceous with short forelimbs that walked or ran on strong hind legs, also known as a theropod dinosaur, or a bird-footed dinosaur. A theropod is either a herrerasaur, a maniraptor, an allosaur, an ornithomimid, an eoraptor, a tyrannosaur, a compsognathus, a carnosaur, a ceratosaur, or a megalosaur. 

A herrerasaur is a kind of theropod dinosaur found in Argentina, also known as a herrerasaurus. 

A maniraptor is advanced carnivorous theropod. A maniraptor is either a velociraptor, an oviraptorid, a Mononychus olecranus, a dromaeosaur, a utahraptor, or a deinonychus. 

A velociraptor is small active carnivore that probably fed on protoceratops; possibly related more closely to birds than to other dinosaurs. 

An oviraptorid is advanced carnivorous theropod. 

A Mononychus olecranus is a turkey-sized long-legged fossil 75 million years old found in the Gobi Desert having bird-like fused wrist bones and keeled breastbone and a long tail resembling a dinosaur's; short forelimbs end in a single claw instead of wings; classification as bird or dinosaur is in dispute. 

A dromaeosaur is a kind of maniraptor. 

A utahraptor is large (20-ft) and swift carnivorous dinosaur having an upright slashing claw 15 inches long on each hind foot; early Cretaceous, also known as a superslasher. 

A deinonychus is swift agile wolf-sized bipedal dinosaur having a large curved claw on each hind foot; of the Cretaceous. 

An allosaur is late Jurassic carnivorous dinosaur; similar to but somewhat smaller than tyrannosaurus, also known as an allosaurus. 

An ornithomimid is lightly built medium-sized dinosaur having extremely long limbs and necks with small heads and big brains and large eyes. An ornithomimid is either an deinocheirus, or a struthiomimus. 

An deinocheirus is lightly built medium-sized theropod with long limbs and neck. 

A struthiomimus is small light-boned toothless dinosaur resembling an ostrich in size and proportions. 

An eoraptor is a theropod dinosaur of the genus Eoraptor. 

A tyrannosaur is large carnivorous bipedal dinosaur having enormous teeth with knifelike serrations; may have been a scavenger rather than an active predator; later Cretaceous period in North America, also known as a tyrannosaurus, or a Tyrannosaurus rex. 

A compsognathus is very small bipedal carnivorous dinosaur of the late Jurassic in Bavaria. 

A carnosaur is large carnivorous bipedal dinosaur having huge claws. 

A ceratosaur is primitive medium-sized theropod; swift-running bipedal carnivorous dinosaur having grasping hands with sharp claws and a short horn between the nostrils; Jurassic in North America, also known as a ceratosaurus. A ceratosaur can, more specifically, be a coelophysis. 

A coelophysis is one of the oldest known dinosaurs; late Triassic; cannibalistic. 

A megalosaur is gigantic carnivorous bipedal dinosaur of the Jurassic or early Cretaceous in Europe, also known as a megalosaurus. 

A diplodocus is a huge quadrupedal herbivore with long neck and tail; of late Jurassic in western North America. 

A ground-shaker is huge herbivorous dinosaur of the Cretaceous found in western North America, also known as a seismosaur. 

An iguanodon is massive herbivorous bipedal dinosaur with a long heavy tail; common in Europe and northern Africa; early Cretaceous period. 

A thecodont is presumably in the common ancestral line to dinosaurs and crocodiles and birds, also known as a thecodont reptile. 

An ichthyosaur is any of several marine reptiles of the Mesozoic having a body like a porpoise with dorsal and tail fins and paddle-shaped limbs. An ichthyosaur is either a stenopterygius, or an ichthyosaurus. 

A stenopterygius is an ichthyosaur of the genus Stenopterygius, also known as a Stenopterygius quadrisicissus. 

An ichthyosaurus is ichthyosaurs of the Jurassic. 

A plesiosaur is extinct marine reptile with a small head on a long neck a short tail and four paddle-shaped limbs; of the Jurassic and Cretaceous, also known as a plesiosaurus. 

A bird is warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by feathers and forelimbs modified as wings. A bird is either an archaeopteryx, a protoavis, a bird of prey, a night bird, a ratite, a coraciiform bird, a cock, an archaeornis, a parrot, a nonpasserine bird, an apodiform bird, a cuculiform bird, a Sinornis, a passerine, a carinate, a trogon, a dickeybird, a bird of passage, a nester, a Ibero-mesornis, a piciform bird, an aquatic bird, a gallinaceous bird, a hen, a caprimulgiform bird, or a twitterer. 

An archaeopteryx is extinct primitive toothed bird of the Jurassic period having a long feathered tail and hollow bones; usually considered the most primitive of all birds, also known as an archeopteryx, or a Archaeopteryx lithographica. 

A protoavis is most primitive avian type known; extinct bird of the Triassic having bird-like jaw and hollow limbs and breastbone with dinosaur-like tail and hind limbs. 

A bird of prey is any of numerous carnivorous birds that hunt and kill other animals, also known as a raptor, or a raptorial bird. A bird of prey is either a hawk, a Accipitriformes, a secretary bird, an eagle, a vulture, or an owl. 

A hawk is diurnal bird of prey typically having short rounded wings and a long tail. A hawk is either an osprey, a buteonine, a harrier eagle, a harrier, a chicken hawk, a Cooper's hawk, a rough-legged hawk, a tiercel, a falcon, a buzzard, a honey buzzard, a red-shouldered hawk, a kite, a redtail, a sparrow hawk, a goshawk, or an eyas. 

An osprey is large harmless hawk found worldwide that feeds on fish and builds a bulky nest often occupied for years, also known as a fish hawk, a fish eagle, a sea eagle, or a Pandion haliaetus. 

A buteonine is any hawk of the genus Buteo. 

A harrier eagle is any of numerous large Old World hawks intermediate in some respects between typical hawks and typical eagles, also known as a short-toed eagle. 

A harrier is hawks that hunt over meadows and marshes and prey on small terrestrial animals. A harrier is either a marsh harrier, a Montagu's harrier, or a marsh hawk. 

A marsh harrier is Old World harrier frequenting marshy regions, also known as a Circus Aeruginosus. 

A Montagu's harrier is brownish European harrier, also known as a Circus pygargus. 

A marsh hawk is common harrier of North America and Europe; nests in marshes and open land, also known as a northern harrier, a hen harrier, or a Circus cyaneus. 

A chicken hawk is nontechnical term for any hawks said to prey on poultry, also known as a hen hawk. 

A Cooper's hawk is bluish-grey North American hawk having a darting flight, also known as a blue darter, or a Accipiter cooperii. 

A rough-legged hawk is large hawk of the northern hemisphere that feeds chiefly on small rodents and is beneficial to farmers, also known as a roughleg, or a Buteo lagopus. 

A tiercel is male hawk especially male peregrine or gyrfalcon, also known as a tercel, or a tercelet. 

A falcon is diurnal birds of prey having long pointed powerful wings adapted for swift flight. A falcon is either a gyrfalcon, a caracara, a kestrel, a hobby, a pigeon hawk, a peregrine, or a sparrow hawk. 

A gyrfalcon is large and rare Arctic falcon having white and dark color phases, also known as a gerfalcon, or a Falco rusticolus. 

A caracara is any of various long-legged carrion-eating hawks of South America and Central America. A caracara is either a Audubon's caracara, or a carancha. 

A Audubon's caracara is widespread from southern United States to Central America; rusty black with black-and-white breast and tail, also known as a Polyborus cheriway audubonii. 

A carancha is South American caracara, also known as a Polyborus plancus. 

A kestrel is small Old World falcon that hovers in the air against a wind, also known as a Falco tinnunculus. 

A hobby is small Old World falcon formerly trained and flown at small birds, also known as a Falco subbuteo. 

A pigeon hawk is small falcon of Europe and America having dark plumage with black-barred tail; used in falconry, also known as a merlin, or a Falco columbarius. 

A peregrine is a widely distributed falcon formerly used in falconry, also known as a peregrine falcon, or a Falco peregrinus. A peregrine can, more specifically, be a falcon-gentle. 

A falcon-gentle is female falcon especially a female peregrine falcon, also known as a falcon-gentil. 

A sparrow hawk is small North American falcon, also known as a American kestrel, a kestrel, or a Falco sparverius. 

A buzzard is the common European short-winged hawk, also known as a Buteo buteo. 

A honey buzzard is Old World hawk that feeds on bee larvae and small rodents and reptiles, also known as a Pernis apivorus. 

A red-shouldered hawk is North American hawk with reddish brown shoulders, also known as a Buteo lineatus. 

A kite is any of several small graceful hawks of the family Accipitridae having long pointed wings and feeding on insects and small animals. A kite is either a black kite, a swallow-tailed kite, or a white-tailed kite. 

A black kite is dark Old World kite feeding chiefly on carrion, also known as a Milvus migrans. 

A swallow-tailed kite is graceful North American black-and-white kite, also known as a swallow-tailed hawk, or a Elanoides forficatus. 

A white-tailed kite is grey-and-white American kite of warm and tropical regions, also known as a Elanus leucurus. 

A redtail is dark brown American hawk species having a reddish-brown tail, also known as a red-tailed hawk, or a Buteo jamaicensis. 

A sparrow hawk is small hawk of Eurasia and northern Africa, also known as a Accipiter nisus. 

A goshawk is large hawk of Eurasia and North America used in falconry, also known as a Accipiter gentilis. 

An eyas is an unfledged or nestling hawk. 

A Accipitriformes is in some classifications an alternative name for the Falconiformes, also known as an order Accipitriformes. 

A secretary bird is large long-legged African bird of prey that feeds on reptiles, also known as a Sagittarius serpentarius. 

An eagle is any of various large keen-sighted diurnal birds of prey noted for their broad wings and strong soaring flight, also known as a bird of Jove. An eagle is either a harpy, a bald eagle, a tawny eagle, a golden eagle, an eaglet, or a sea eagle. 

A harpy is large black-and-white crested eagle of tropical America, also known as a harpy eagle, or a Harpia harpyja. 

A bald eagle is a large eagle of North America that has a white head and dark wings and body, also known as a American eagle, or a Haliaeetus leucocephalus. 

A tawny eagle is brownish eagle of Africa and parts of Asia, also known as a Aquila rapax. 

A golden eagle is large eagle of mountainous regions of the northern hemisphere having a golden-brown head and neck, also known as a Aquila chrysaetos. A golden eagle can, more specifically, be a ringtail. 

A ringtail is an immature golden eagle. 

An eaglet is a young eagle. 

A sea eagle is any of various large eagles that usually feed on fish. A sea eagle is either a Kamchatkan sea eagle, an ern, or a fishing eagle. 

A Kamchatkan sea eagle is found on coasts of the northwestern Pacific, also known as a Stellar's sea eagle, or a Haliaeetus pelagicus. 

An ern is bulky greyish-brown eagle with a short wedge-shaped white tail; of Europe and Greenland, also known as an erne, a grey sea eagle, a gray sea eagle, a European sea eagle, a white-tailed sea eagle, or a Haliatus albicilla. 

A fishing eagle is of southeast Europe and central Asia, also known as a Haliaeetus leucorhyphus. 

A vulture is any of various large diurnal birds of prey having naked heads and weak claws and feeding chiefly on carrion. A vulture is either a Old World vulture, a Aegypiidae, or a New World vulture. 

A Old World vulture is any of several large vultures of Africa and Eurasia. A Old World vulture is either a bearded vulture, a Egyptian vulture, a griffon vulture, or a black vulture. 

A bearded vulture is the largest Eurasian bird of prey; having black feathers hanging around the bill, also known as a lammergeier, a lammergeyer, or a Gypaetus barbatus. 

A Egyptian vulture is small mostly white vulture of Africa and southern Eurasia, also known as a Pharaoh's chicken, or a Neophron percnopterus. 

A griffon vulture is large vulture of southern Europe and northern Africa having pale plumage with black wings, also known as a griffon, or a Gyps fulvus. 

A black vulture is of southern Eurasia and northern Africa, also known as a Aegypius monachus. 

A Aegypiidae is in some classifications considered the family comprising the Old World vultures which are more often included in the family Accipitridae, also known as a family Aegypiidae. 

A New World vulture is large birds of prey superficially similar to Old World vultures, also known as a cathartid. A New World vulture is either a buzzard, a condor, a black vulture, or a king vulture. 

A buzzard is a New World vulture that is common in South America and Central America and the southern United States, also known as a turkey buzzard, a turkey vulture, or a Cathartes aura. 

A condor is the largest flying birds in the western hemisphere. A condor is either a Andean condor, or a California condor. 

A Andean condor is large vulture of the high Andes having black plumage and white neck ruff, also known as a Vultur gryphus. 

A California condor is North American condor; chiefly dull black; almost extinct, also known as a Gymnogyps californianus. 

A black vulture is American vulture smaller than the turkey buzzard, also known as a carrion crow, or a Coragyps atratus. 

A king vulture is large black-and-white vulture of South America and Central America; have colorful wattles and wartlike protuberances on head and neck, also known as a Sarcorhamphus papa. 

An owl is nocturnal bird of prey with hawk-like beak and claws and large head with front-facing eyes, also known as a bird of Minerva, a bird of night, or a hooter. An owl is either a great grey owl, a hawk owl, a laughing owl, an owlet, a screech owl, a screech owl, a barred owl, a little owl, a barn owl, a spotted owl, a long-eared owl, a horned owl, a tawny owl, a scops owl, or a hoot owl. 

A great grey owl is large dish-faced owl of northern North America and western Eurasia, also known as a great gray owl, or a Strix nebulosa. 

A hawk owl is grey-and-white diurnal hawk-like owl of northern parts of the northern hemisphere, also known as a Surnia ulula. 

A laughing owl is almost extinct owl of New Zealand, also known as a laughing jackass, or a Sceloglaux albifacies. 

An owlet is young owl. 

A screech owl is any owl that has a screeching cry. 

A screech owl is small North American owl having hornlike tufts of feathers whose call sounds like a quavering whistle, also known as a Otus asio. 

A barred owl is large owl of eastern North America having its breast and abdomen streaked with brown, also known as a Strix varia. 

A little owl is small European owl, also known as a Athene noctua. 

A barn owl is mottled buff and white owl often inhabiting barns and other structures; important in rodent control, also known as a Tyto alba. 

A spotted owl is a large owl of North America found in forests from British Columbia to central Mexico; has dark brown plumage and a heavily spotted chest, also known as a Strix occidentalis. 

A long-eared owl is slender European owl of coniferous forests with long ear tufts, also known as a Asio otus. 

A horned owl is large owls having prominent ear tufts. A horned owl can, more specifically, be a great horned owl. 

A great horned owl is brown North American horned owl, also known as a Bubo virginianus. 

A tawny owl is reddish-brown European owl having a round head with black eyes, also known as a Strix aluco. 

A scops owl is any of several small owls having ear tufts and a whistling call. A scops owl is either a Oriental scops owl, or a Old World scops owl. 

A Oriental scops owl is Asian scops owl, also known as a Otus sunia. 

A Old World scops owl is European scops owl, also known as a Otus scops. 

A hoot owl is any owl that hoots as distinct from screeching. 

A night bird is any bird associated with night: owl; nightingale; nighthawk; etc. A night bird can, more specifically, be a night raven. 

A night raven is any bird that cries at night. 

A ratite is flightless birds having flat breastbones lacking a keel for attachment of flight muscles: ostriches; cassowaries; emus; moas; rheas; kiwis; elephant birds, also known as a ratite bird, or a flightless bird. A ratite is either a rhea, an ostrich, a kiwi, an emu, a rhea, a cassowary, an elephant bird, or a moa. 

A rhea is larger of two tall fast-running flightless birds similar to ostriches but three-toed; found from Brazil to Patagonia, also known as a Rhea americana. 

An ostrich is fast-running African flightless bird with two-toed feet; largest living bird, also known as a Struthio camelus. 

A kiwi is nocturnal flightless bird of New Zealand having a long neck and stout legs; only surviving representative of the order Apterygiformes, also known as an apteryx. 

An emu is large Australian flightless bird similar to the ostrich but smaller, also known as a Dromaius novaehollandiae, or a Emu novaehollandiae. 

A rhea is smaller of two tall fast-running flightless birds similar to ostriches but three-toed; found from Peru to Strait of Magellan, also known as a nandu, or a Pterocnemia pennata. 

A cassowary is large black flightless bird of Australia and New Guinea having a horny head crest. 

An elephant bird is huge (to 9 ft.) extinct flightless bird of Madagascar, also known as an aepyornis. 

A moa is extinct flightless bird of New Zealand. A moa is either an anomalopteryx, or a giant moa. 

An anomalopteryx is the smallest moa; slender moa about the size of a large turkey, also known as a Anomalopteryx oweni. 

A giant moa is the largest moa; about 12 feet high, also known as a Dinornis giganteus. 

A coraciiform bird is chiefly short-legged arboreal nonpasserine birds that nest in holes. A coraciiform bird is either a hoopoe, a motmot, a tody, a bee eater, a roller, a kingfisher, a hornbill, or a wood hoopoe. 

A hoopoe is any of several crested Old World birds with a slender downward-curved bill, also known as a hoopoo. A hoopoe can, more specifically, be a Euopean hoopoe. 

A Euopean hoopoe is pinkish-brown hoopoe with black-and-white wings, also known as a Upupa epops. 

A motmot is tropical American bird resembling a blue jay and having greenish and bluish plumage, also known as a momot. 

A tody is tiny insectivorous West Indian bird having red-and-green plumage and a long straight bill. 

A bee eater is colorful chiefly tropical Old World bird having a strong graceful flight; feeds on especially bees. 

A roller is Old World bird that tumbles or rolls in flight; related to kingfishers. A roller is either a ground roller, or a European roller. 

A ground roller is Madagascan roller with terrestrial and crepuscular habits that feeds on e.g. insects and worms. 

A European roller is common European blue-and-green roller with a reddish-brown back, also known as a Coracias garrulus. 

A kingfisher is nonpasserine large-headed bird with a short tail and long sharp bill; usually crested and bright-colored; feed mostly on fish. A kingfisher is either a kookaburra, a belted kingfisher, or a Eurasian kingfisher. 

A kookaburra is Australian kingfisher having a loud cackling cry, also known as a laughing jackass, or a Dacelo gigas. 

A belted kingfisher is greyish-blue North American kingfisher with a chestnut band on its chest, also known as a Ceryle alcyon. 

A Eurasian kingfisher is small kingfisher with greenish-blue and orange plumage, also known as a Alcedo atthis. 

A hornbill is bird of tropical Africa and Asia having a very large bill surmounted by a bony protuberance; related to kingfishers. 

A wood hoopoe is tropical African bird having metallic blackish plumage but no crest. 

A cock is adult male bird. A cock can, more specifically, be a gamecock. 

A gamecock is a cock bred and trained for fighting, also known as a fighting cock. 

An archaeornis is extinct primitive toothed bird with a long feathered tail and three free clawed digits on each wing. 

A parrot is usually brightly colored zygodactyl tropical birds with short hooked beaks and the ability to mimic sounds. A parrot is either an amazon, a cockateel, a poll, a lovebird, a African grey, a lory, a cockatoo, a parakeet, a macaw, a kea, or a popinjay. 

An amazon is mainly green tropical American parrots. 

A cockateel is small grey Australian parrot with a yellow crested head, also known as a cockatiel, a cockatoo parrot, or a Nymphicus hollandicus. 

A poll is a tame parrot, also known as a poll parrot. 

A lovebird is small African parrot noted for showing affection for their mates. 

A African grey is commonly domesticated grey parrot with red-and-black tail and white face; native to equatorial Africa, also known as a African gray, or a Psittacus erithacus. 

A lory is small brightly colored Australasian parrots having a brush-tipped tongue for feeding on nectar and soft fruits. A lory can, more specifically, be a lorikeet. 

A lorikeet is any of various small lories. A lorikeet is either a rainbow lorikeet, or a varied Lorikeet. 

A rainbow lorikeet is a kind of lorikeet, also known as a Trichoglossus moluccanus. 

A varied Lorikeet is lorikeet with a colorful coat, also known as a Glossopsitta versicolor. 

A cockatoo is white or light-colored crested parrot of the Australian region; often kept as cage birds. A cockatoo is either a pink cockatoo, or a sulphur-crested cockatoo. 

A pink cockatoo is white Australian cockatoo with roseate tinged plumage, also known as a Kakatoe leadbeateri. 

A sulphur-crested cockatoo is white cockatoo with a yellow erectile crest, also known as a Kakatoe galerita, or a Cacatua galerita. 

A parakeet is any of numerous small slender long-tailed parrots, also known as a parrakeet, a parroket, a paraquet, a paroquet, or a parroquet. A parakeet is either a ring-necked parakeet, a budgerigar, or a Carolina parakeet. 

A ring-necked parakeet is African parakeet, also known as a Psittacula krameri. 

A budgerigar is small Australian parakeet usually light green with black and yellow markings in the wild but bred in many colors, also known as a budgereegah, a budgerygah, a budgie, a grass parakeet, a lovebird, a shell parakeet, or a Melopsittacus undulatus. 

A Carolina parakeet is extinct parakeet whose range extended far into the United States, also known as a Conuropsis carolinensis. 

A macaw is long-tailed brilliantly colored parrot of Central America and South America; among the largest and showiest of parrots. 

A kea is large brownish-green New Zealand parrot, also known as a Nestor notabilis. 

A popinjay is an archaic term for a parrot. 

A nonpasserine bird is chiefly arboreal birds especially of the order Coraciiformes. 

An apodiform bird is nonpasserine bird having long wings and weak feet; spends much of its time in flight. An apodiform bird is either a hummingbird, a swift, or a tree swift. 

A hummingbird is tiny American bird having brilliant iridescent plumage and long slender bills; wings are specialized for vibrating flight. A hummingbird is either a thornbill, or a Archilochus colubris. 

A thornbill is any of various South American hummingbirds with a sharp pointed bill. 

A Archilochus colubris is a kind of hummingbird. 

A swift is a small bird that resembles a swallow and is noted for its rapid flight. A swift is either a European swift, a swiftlet, or a chimney swift. 

A European swift is common European bird with a shrieking call that nests chiefly about eaves of buildings or on cliffs, also known as a Apus apus. 

A swiftlet is swift of eastern Asia; produces the edible bird's nest, also known as a Collocalia inexpectata. 

A chimney swift is American swift that nests in e.g. unused chimneys, also known as a chimney swallow, or a Chateura pelagica. 

A tree swift is birds of southeast Asia and East Indies differing from true swifts in having upright crests and nesting in trees, also known as a crested swift. 

A cuculiform bird is birds having zygodactyl feet (except for the touracos). A cuculiform bird is either a touraco, or a cuckoo. 

A touraco is large brightly crested bird of Africa, also known as a turaco, a turacou, or a turakoo. 

A cuckoo is any of numerous European and North American birds having pointed wings and a long tail. A cuckoo is either a black-billed cuckoo, a roadrunner, a European cuckoo, an ani, or a coucal. 

A black-billed cuckoo is North American cuckoo; builds a nest and rears its own young, also known as a Coccyzus erythropthalmus. 

A roadrunner is speedy largely terrestrial bird found from California and Mexico to Texas, also known as a chaparral cock, or a Geococcyx californianus. 

A European cuckoo is common cuckoo of Europe having a distinctive two-note call; lays eggs in the nests of other birds, also known as a Cuculus canorus. 

An ani is black tropical American cuckoo. 

A coucal is Old World ground-living cuckoo having a long dagger-like hind claw. A coucal is either a pheasant coucal, or a crow pheasant. 

A pheasant coucal is Australian bird with a tail like a pheasant, also known as a pheasant cuckoo, or a Centropus phasianinus. 

A crow pheasant is common coucal of India and China, also known as a Centropus sinensis. 

A Sinornis is sparrow-sized fossil bird of the Jurassic period to the Cretaceous period having a keeled breastbone and vestigial tail; found in China; considered possibly the second most primitive of all birds. 

A passerine is perching birds mostly small and living near the ground with feet having 4 toes arranged to allow for gripping the perch; most are songbirds; hatchlings are helpless, also known as a passeriform bird. A passerine is either an oscine, a scrubbird, a sparrow, a broadbill, a wren, a lyrebird, or a tyrannid. 

An oscine is passerine bird having specialized vocal apparatus, also known as an oscine bird. An oscine is either a songbird, a water ouzel, a lark, a honeycreeper, a catbird, a mockingbird, a swallow, a honey eater, a Old World oriole, a warbler, a nuthatch, a thrush, a shrike, a finch, a pipit, a titmouse, a wagtail, a bird of paradise, a tanager, a weaver, a wood swallow, a New World oriole, a Old World flycatcher, a New Zealand wren, a waxwing, a corvine bird, a thrasher, a starling, a fairy bluebird, a babbler, a vireo, a creeper, a Australian magpie, a blue mockingbird, a bowerbird, or an accentor. 

A songbird is any bird having a musical call, also known as a songster. 

A water ouzel is small stocky diving bird without webbed feet; frequents fast-flowing streams and feeds along the bottom, also known as a dipper. A water ouzel is either a European water ouzel, or a American water ouzel. 

A European water ouzel is a water ouzel of Europe, also known as a Cinclus aquaticus. 

A American water ouzel is a water ouzel of western North America, also known as a Cinclus mexicanus. 

A lark is any of numerous predominantly Old World birds noted for their singing. A lark can, more specifically, be a skylark. 

A skylark is brown-speckled European lark noted for singing while hovering at a great height, also known as a Alauda arvensis. 

A honeycreeper is small bright-colored tropical American songbird with a curved bill for sucking nectar. A honeycreeper can, more specifically, be a banana quit. 

A banana quit is any of several honeycreepers. 

A catbird is North American songbird whose call resembles a cat's mewing, also known as a grey catbird, a gray catbird, or a Dumetella carolinensis. 

A mockingbird is long-tailed grey-and-white songbird of the southern United States able to mimic songs of other birds, also known as a mocker, or a Mimus polyglotktos. 

A swallow is small long-winged songbird noted for swift graceful flight and the regularity of its migrations. A swallow is either a martin, a barn swallow, a tree swallow, a cliff swallow, or a white-bellied swallow. 

A martin is any of various swallows with squarish or slightly forked tail and long pointed wings; migrate around Martinmas. A martin is either a house martin, a purple martin, or a bank martin. 

A house martin is common small European martin that builds nests under the eaves of houses, also known as a Delichon urbica. 

A purple martin is large North American martin of which the male is blue-black, also known as a Progne subis. 

A bank martin is swallow of the northern hemisphere that nests in tunnels dug in clay or sand banks, also known as a bank swallow, a sand martin, or a Riparia riparia. 

A barn swallow is common swallow of North America and Europe that nests in barns etc., also known as a chimney swallow, or a Hirundo rustica. 

A tree swallow is of Australia and Polynesia; nests in tree cavities, also known as a tree martin, or a Hirundo nigricans. 

A cliff swallow is North American swallow that lives in colonies and builds bottle-shaped mud nests on cliffs and walls, also known as an Hirundo pyrrhonota. 

A white-bellied swallow is bluish-green-and-white North American swallow; nests in tree cavities, also known as a tree swallow, or a Iridoprocne bicolor. 

A honey eater is Australasian bird with tongue and bill adapted for extracting nectar, also known as a honeysucker. 

A Old World oriole is mostly tropical songbird; the male is usually bright orange and black, also known as an oriole. A Old World oriole is either a golden oriole, or a fig-bird. 

A golden oriole is bright yellow songbird with black wings, also known as a Oriolus oriolus. 

A fig-bird is greenish-yellow Australian oriole feeding chiefly on figs and other fruits. 

A warbler is a small active songbird. A warbler is either a lesser whitethroat, a kinglet, a gnatcatcher, a Old World warbler, a New World warbler, or a greater whitethroat. 

A lesser whitethroat is Old World warbler similar to the greater whitethroat but smaller, also known as a whitethroat, or a Sylvia curruca. 

A kinglet is small birds resembling warblers but having some of the habits of titmice. A kinglet is either a gold-crowned kinglet, a ruby-crowned kinglet, or a goldcrest. 

A gold-crowned kinglet is American golden-crested kinglet, also known as a Regulus satrata. 

A ruby-crowned kinglet is American kinglet with a notable song and in the male a red crown patch, also known as a ruby-crowned wren, or a Regulus calendula. 

A goldcrest is European kinglet with a black-bordered yellow crown patch, also known as a golden-crested kinglet, or a Regulus regulus. 

A gnatcatcher is very small North American and South American warblers. 

A Old World warbler is small active brownish or greyish Old World birds, also known as a true warbler. A Old World warbler is either a tailorbird, a blackcap, a sedge warbler, a wren warbler, or a wood warbler. 

A tailorbird is tropical Asian warbler that stitches leaves together to form and conceal its nest, also known as a Orthotomus sutorius. 

A blackcap is small brownish-grey warbler with a black crown, also known as a Silvia atricapilla. 

A sedge warbler is small European warbler that breeds among reeds and wedges and winters in Africa, also known as a sedge bird, a sedge wren, a reedbird, or a Acrocephalus schoenobaenus. 

A wren warbler is small Asiatic and African bird; constructs nests like those of tailorbirds. 

A wood warbler is European woodland warbler with dull yellow plumage, also known as a Phylloscopus sibilatrix. 

A New World warbler is small bright-colored American songbird with a weak unmusical song, also known as a wood warbler. A New World warbler is either a New World chat, an ovenbird, a yellowthroat, a parula warbler, a water thrush, a blackpoll, a yellow warbler, a Blackburn, a Wilson's warbler, a flycatching warbler, a Audubon's warbler, a Cape May warbler, or a myrtle warbler. 

A New World chat is birds having a chattering call, also known as a chat. A New World chat can, more specifically, be a yellow-breasted chat. 

A yellow-breasted chat is American warbler noted for imitating songs of other birds, also known as a Icteria virens. 

An ovenbird is American warbler; builds a dome-shaped nest on the ground, also known as a Seiurus aurocapillus. 

A yellowthroat is small olive-colored American warblers with yellow breast and throat. A yellowthroat can, more specifically, be a common yellowthroat. 

A common yellowthroat is an American warbler, also known as a Maryland yellowthroat, or a Geothlypis trichas. 

A parula warbler is small grey-blue wood warbler with yellow throat and breast; of eastern North America, also known as a northern parula, or a Parula americana. 

A water thrush is brownish North American warbler found near streams. 

A blackpoll is North American warbler having a black-and-white head, also known as a Dendroica striate. 

A yellow warbler is yellow-throated American wood warbler, also known as a golden warbler, a yellowbird, or a Dendroica petechia. 

A Blackburn is black-and-white North American wood warbler having an orange-and-black head and throat, also known as a Blackburnian warbler, or a Dendroica fusca. 

A Wilson's warbler is yellow wood warbler with a black crown, also known as a Wilson's blackcap, or a Wilsonia pusilla. 

A flycatching warbler is any of numerous American wood warblers that feed on insects caught on the wing. A flycatching warbler can, more specifically, be a American redstart. 

A American redstart is flycatching warbler of eastern North America the male having bright orange on sides and wings and tail, also known as a redstart, or a Setophaga ruticilla. 

A Audubon's warbler is common warbler of western North America, also known as a Audubon warbler, or a Dendroica auduboni. 

A Cape May warbler is North American wood warbler; olive green and yellow striped with black, also known as a Dendroica tigrina. 

A myrtle warbler is similar to Audubon's warbler, also known as a myrtle bird, or a Dendroica coronata. 

A greater whitethroat is greyish-brown Old World warbler with a white throat and underparts, also known as a whitethroat, or a Sylvia communis. 

A nuthatch is any of various small short-tailed songbirds with strong feet and a sharp beak that feed on small nuts and insects, also known as a nutcracker. A nuthatch is either a red-breasted nuthatch, a European nuthatch, or a white-breasted nuthatch. 

A red-breasted nuthatch is bluish-grey nuthatch with reddish breast; of northern coniferous forests, also known as a Sitta canadensis. 

A European nuthatch is a kind of nuthatch, also known as a Sitta europaea. 

A white-breasted nuthatch is bluish-grey nuthatch with black head and white breast; of eastern North America, also known as a Sitta carolinensis. 

A thrush is songbirds characteristically having brownish upper plumage with a spotted breast. A thrush is either a redstart, a Old World chat, a ring ouzel, a clay-colored robin, a veery, a blackbird, a robin, a fieldfare, a bluebird, a hermit thrush, a missel thrush, a solitaire, a wood thrush, a bluethroat, a redwing, a nightingale, a wheatear, a thrush nightingale, a song thrush, or a robin. 

A redstart is European songbird with a reddish breast and tail; related to Old World robins, also known as a redtail. 

A Old World chat is songbirds having a chattering call, also known as a chat. A Old World chat is either a whinchat, or a stonechat. 

A whinchat is brown-and-buff European songbird of grassy meadows, also known as a Saxicola rubetra. 

A stonechat is common European chat with black plumage and a reddish-brown breast, also known as a Saxicola torquata. 

A ring ouzel is European thrush common in rocky areas; the male has blackish plumage with a white band around the neck, also known as a ring blackbird, a ring thrush, or a Turdus torquatus. 

A clay-colored robin is robin of Mexico and Central America, also known as a Turdus greyi. 

A veery is tawny brown North American thrush noted for its song, also known as a Wilson's thrush, or a Hylocichla fuscescens. 

A blackbird is common black European thrush, also known as a merl, a merle, an ouzel, an ousel, a European blackbird, or a Turdus merula. 

A robin is small Old World songbird with a reddish breast, also known as a redbreast, a robin redbreast, a Old World robin, or a Erithacus rubecola. 

A fieldfare is medium-sized Eurasian thrush seen chiefly in winter, also known as a snowbird, or a Turdus pilaris. 

A bluebird is blue North American songbird. 

A hermit thrush is North American thrush noted for its complex and appealing song, also known as a Hylocichla guttata. 

A missel thrush is large European thrush that feeds on mistletoe berries, also known as a mistle thrush, a mistletoe thrush, or a Turdus viscivorus. 

A solitaire is a dull grey North American thrush noted for its beautiful song. 

A wood thrush is large thrush common in eastern American woodlands; noted for its melodious song, also known as a Hylocichla mustelina. 

A bluethroat is songbird of northern Europe and Asia, also known as a Erithacus svecicus. 

A redwing is small European thrush having reddish flanks, also known as a Turdus iliacus. 

A nightingale is European songbird noted for its melodious nocturnal song, also known as a Luscinia megarhynchos. A nightingale can, more specifically, be a bulbul. 

A bulbul is nightingale spoken of in Persian poetry. 

A wheatear is small songbird of northern America and Eurasia having a distinctive white rump. 

A thrush nightingale is large nightingale of eastern Europe, also known as a Luscinia luscinia. 

A song thrush is common Old World thrush noted for its song, also known as a mavis, a throstle, or a Turdus philomelos. 

A robin is large American thrush having a rust-red breast and abdomen, also known as a American robin, or a Turdus migratorius. 

A shrike is any of numerous Old World birds having a strong hooked bill that feed on smaller animals. A shrike is either a butcherbird, a loggerhead shrike, a migrant shrike, or a bush shrike. 

A butcherbird is shrikes that impale their prey on thorns. A butcherbird is either a white-rumped shrike, a northern shrike, or a European shrike. 

A white-rumped shrike is a butcherbird of western North America; grey with white underparts, also known as a Lanius ludovicianus excubitorides. 

A northern shrike is a butcherbird of northern North America, also known as a Lanius borealis. 

A European shrike is a common European butcherbird, also known as a Lanius excubitor. 

A loggerhead shrike is a common shrike of southeastern United States having black bands around the eyes, also known as a Lanius lucovicianus. 

A migrant shrike is a shrike of central North America; winters in Texas and the southern Mississippi valley, also known as a Lanius ludovicianus migrans. 

A bush shrike is an African shrike. A bush shrike can, more specifically, be a black-fronted bush shrike. 

A black-fronted bush shrike is a kind of bush shrike, also known as a Chlorophoneus nigrifrons. 

A finch is any of numerous small songbirds with short stout bills adapted for crushing seeds. A finch is either a pyrrhuloxia, a bunting, a New World goldfinch, a linnet, a siskin, a honeycreeper, a pine siskin, a cardinal, a house finch, a purple finch, a serin, a crossbill, a redpoll, a New World sparrow, a junco, a bullfinch, a goldfinch, a grosbeak, a brambling, a canary, a red siskin, a towhee, a redpoll, or a chaffinch. 

A pyrrhuloxia is crested grey-and-red bird of southwest United States and Mexico, also known as a Pyrrhuloxia sinuata. 

A bunting is any of numerous seed-eating songbirds of Europe or North America. A bunting is either a yellowhammer, a reed bunting, a snow bunting, an indigo bunting, an ortolan, or a yellow-breasted bunting. 

A yellowhammer is European bunting the male being bright yellow, also known as a yellow bunting, or a Emberiza citrinella. 

A reed bunting is European bunting inhabiting marshy areas, also known as a Emberiza schoeniclus. 

A snow bunting is white Arctic bunting, also known as a snowbird, a snowflake, or a Plectrophenax nivalis. 

An indigo bunting is small deep blue North American bunting, also known as an indigo finch, an indigo bird, or a Passerina cyanea. 

An ortolan is brownish Old World bunting often eaten as a delicacy, also known as an ortolan bunting, or a Emberiza hortulana. 

A yellow-breasted bunting is common in Russia and Siberia, also known as a Emberiza aureola. 

A New World goldfinch is American finch whose male has yellow body plumage in summer, also known as a goldfinch, a yellowbird, or a Spinus tristis. 

A linnet is small Old World finch whose male has a red breast and forehead, also known as a lintwhite, or a Carduelis cannabina. 

A siskin is small yellow-and-black Eurasian finch with a sharp beak, also known as a Carduelis spinus. 

A honeycreeper is small to medium-sized finches of the Hawaiian islands, also known as a Hawaiian honeycreeper. A honeycreeper can, more specifically, be a mamo. 

A mamo is black honeycreepers with yellow feathers around the tail; now extinct. 

A pine siskin is small finch of North American coniferous forests, also known as a pine finch, or a Spinus pinus. 

A cardinal is crested thick-billed North American finch having bright red plumage in the male, also known as a cardinal grosbeak, a Richmondena Cardinalis, a Cardinalis cardinalis, or a redbird. 

A house finch is small finch originally of the western United States and Mexico, also known as a linnet, or a Carpodacus mexicanus. 

A purple finch is North American finch having a raspberry-red head and breast and rump, also known as a Carpodacus purpureus. 

A serin is any of various brown and yellow finches of parts of Europe. 

A crossbill is finch with a bill whose tips cross when closed, also known as a Loxia curvirostra. 

A redpoll is small siskin-like finch with a red crown and a rosy breast and rump, also known as a Carduelis flammea. 

A New World sparrow is sparrow-like North American finches. A New World sparrow is either a swamp sparrow, a white-throated sparrow, a chipping sparrow, a white-crowned sparrow, a song sparrow, a vesper sparrow, a tree sparrow, or a field sparrow. 

A swamp sparrow is North American finch of marshy area, also known as a Melospiza georgiana. 

A white-throated sparrow is common North American finch with a white patch on the throat and black-and-white striped crown, also known as a whitethroat, or a Zonotrichia albicollis. 

A chipping sparrow is small North American finch common in urban areas, also known as a Spizella passerina. 

A white-crowned sparrow is finch with black-and-white striped crown, also known as a Zonotrichia leucophrys. 

A song sparrow is small songbird common in North America, also known as a Melospiza melodia. 

A vesper sparrow is common North American finch noted for its evening song, also known as a grass finch, or a Pooecetes gramineus. 

A tree sparrow is finch common in winter in the northern U.S., also known as a Spizella arborea. 

A field sparrow is common North American finch of brushy pasturelands, also known as a Spizella pusilla. 

A junco is small North American finch seen chiefly in winter, also known as a snowbird. A junco can, more specifically, be a dark-eyed junco. 

A dark-eyed junco is common North American junco having grey plumage and eyes with dark brown irises, also known as a slate-colored junco, or a Junco hyemalis. 

A bullfinch is common European finch mostly black and white with red throat and breast, also known as a Pyrrhula pyrrhula. 

A goldfinch is small European finch having a crimson face and yellow-and-black wings, also known as a Carduelis carduelis. 

A grosbeak is any of various finches of Europe or America having a massive and powerful bill, also known as a grossbeak. A grosbeak is either an evening grosbeak, a hawfinch, or a pine grosbeak. 

An evening grosbeak is North American grosbeak, also known as a Hesperiphona vespertina. 

A hawfinch is a common large finch of Eurasia, also known as a Coccothraustes coccothraustes. 

A pine grosbeak is large grosbeak of coniferous forests of Old and New Worlds, also known as a Pinicola enucleator. 

A brambling is Eurasian finch, also known as a Fringilla montifringilla. 

A canary is any of several small Old World finches, also known as a canary bird. A canary can, more specifically, be a common canary. 

A common canary is native to the Canary Islands and Azores; popular usually yellow cage bird noted for its song, also known as a Serinus canaria. 

A red siskin is South American species of scarlet finch with black head and wings and tail, also known as a Carduelis cucullata. 

A towhee is any of numerous long-tailed American finches. A towhee is either a chewink, or a green-tailed towhee. 

A chewink is common towhee of eastern North America, also known as a cheewink, or a Pipilo erythrophthalmus. 

A green-tailed towhee is towhee of the Rocky Mountains, also known as a Chlorura chlorura. 

A redpoll is small siskin-like finch with a red crown, also known as a Carduelis hornemanni. 

A chaffinch is small European finch with a cheerful song, also known as a Fringilla coelebs. 

A pipit is a songbird that lives mainly on the ground in open country; has streaky brown plumage, also known as a titlark, or a lark. A pipit can, more specifically, be a meadow pipit. 

A meadow pipit is a common pipit that is brown above and white below; widely distributed in northern and central Europe and in Asia, also known as a Anthus pratensis. 

A titmouse is small insectivorous birds, also known as a tit. A titmouse is either a blue tit, a wren-tit, a chickadee, a tufted titmouse, a bushtit, or a verdin. 

A blue tit is widely distributed European titmouse with bright cobalt blue wings and tail and crown of the head, also known as a tomtit, or a Parus caeruleus. 

A wren-tit is small brown bird of California resembling a wren, also known as a Chamaea fasciata. 

A chickadee is any of various small grey-and-black songbirds of North America. A chickadee is either a Carolina chickadee, or a black-capped chickadee. 

A Carolina chickadee is southern United States chickadee similar to the blackcap but smaller, also known as a Parus carolinensis. 

A black-capped chickadee is chickadee having a dark crown, also known as a blackcap, or a Parus atricapillus. 

A tufted titmouse is crested titmouse of eastern and midwestern United States, also known as a Parus bicolor. 

A bushtit is active grey titmice of western North America, also known as a bush tit. 

A verdin is very small yellow-headed titmouse of western North America, also known as a Auriparus flaviceps. 

A wagtail is Old World bird having a very long tail that jerks up and down as it walks. 

A bird of paradise is any of numerous brilliantly colored plumed birds of the New Guinea area. A bird of paradise can, more specifically, be a riflebird. 

A riflebird is velvety black Australian bird of paradise with green and purple iridescence on head and tail, also known as a Ptloris paradisea. 

A tanager is any of numerous New World woodland birds having brightly colored males. A tanager is either a hepatic tanager, a summer tanager, a western tanager, or a scarlet tanager. 

A hepatic tanager is common tanager of southwestern United States and Mexico, also known as a Piranga flava hepatica. 

A summer tanager is of middle and southern United States; male is deep rose-red the female mostly yellow, also known as a summer redbird, or a Piranga rubra. 

A western tanager is of western North America; male is black and yellow and orange-red, also known as a Piranga ludoviciana. 

A scarlet tanager is the male is bright red with black wings and tail, also known as a Piranga olivacea, a redbird, or a firebird. 

A weaver is finch-like African and Asian colonial birds noted for their elaborately woven nests, also known as a weaverbird, or a weaver finch. A weaver is either an avadavat, a Java sparrow, a baya, a grassfinch, or a whydah. 

An avadavat is red Asian weaverbirds often kept as cage birds, also known as an amadavat. 

A Java sparrow is small finch-like Indonesian weaverbird that frequents rice fields, also known as a Java finch, a ricebird, or a Padda oryzivora. 

A baya is common Indian weaverbird, also known as a Ploceus philippinus. 

A grassfinch is usually brightly-colored Australian weaverbirds; often kept as cage birds, also known as a grass finch. A grassfinch can, more specifically, be a zebra finch. 

A zebra finch is small Australian weaverbird with markings like a zebra's, also known as a Poephila castanotis. 

A whydah is mostly black African weaverbird, also known as a whidah, or a widow bird. 

A wood swallow is Australasian and Asiatic bird related to the shrikes and resembling a swallow, also known as a swallow shrike. 

A New World oriole is American songbird; male is black and orange or yellow, also known as a American oriole, or an oriole. A New World oriole is either a cacique, a bobolink, a New World blackbird, a northern oriole, a meadowlark, or an orchard oriole. 

A cacique is black-and-red or black-and-yellow orioles of the American tropics, also known as a cazique. 

A bobolink is migratory American songbird, also known as a ricebird, a reedbird, or a Dolichonyx oryzivorus. 

A New World blackbird is any bird of the family Icteridae whose male is black or predominantly black, also known as a blackbird. A New World blackbird is either a grackle, a cowbird, a red-winged blackbird, or a rusty blackbird. 

A grackle is long-tailed American blackbird having iridescent black plumage, also known as a crow blackbird. A grackle can, more specifically, be a purple grackle. 

A purple grackle is eastern United States grackle, also known as a Quiscalus quiscula. 

A cowbird is North American blackbird that follows cattle and lays eggs in other birds' nests. 

A red-winged blackbird is North American blackbird with scarlet patches on the wings, also known as a redwing, or a Agelaius phoeniceus. 

A rusty blackbird is North American blackbird whose bluish-black plumage is rusty-edged in the fall, also known as a rusty grackle, or a Euphagus carilonus. 

A northern oriole is a kind of New World oriole, also known as a Icterus galbula. A northern oriole is either a Bullock's oriole, or a Baltimore oriole. 

A Bullock's oriole is western subspecies of northern oriole, also known as a Icterus galbula bullockii. 

A Baltimore oriole is eastern subspecies of northern oriole, also known as a Baltimore bird, a hangbird, a firebird, or a Icterus galbula galbula. 

A meadowlark is North American songbirds having a yellow breast, also known as a lark. A meadowlark is either a western meadowlark, or an eastern meadowlark. 

A western meadowlark is a meadowlark of western North America, also known as a Sturnella neglecta. 

An eastern meadowlark is a meadowlark of eastern North America, also known as a Sturnella magna. 

An orchard oriole is the male is chestnut-and-black, also known as a Icterus spurius. 

A Old World flycatcher is any of a large group of small songbirds that feed on insects taken on the wing, also known as a true flycatcher, or a flycatcher. A Old World flycatcher is either a spotted flycatcher, or a thickhead. 

A spotted flycatcher is common European woodland flycatcher with greyish-brown plumage, also known as a Muscicapa striata, or a Muscicapa grisola. 

A thickhead is Australian and southeastern Asian birds with a melodious whistling call, also known as a whistler. 

A New Zealand wren is birds of New Zealand that resemble wrens. A New Zealand wren is either a rifleman bird, or a rock wren. 

A rifleman bird is small green-and-bronze bird, also known as a Acanthisitta chloris. 

A rock wren is short-tailed bird resembling a wren, also known as a Xenicus gilviventris. 

A waxwing is brown velvety-plumaged songbirds of the northern hemisphere having crested heads and red waxy wing tips. A waxwing is either a cedar waxwing, or a Bohemian waxwing. 

A cedar waxwing is widely distributed over temperate North America, also known as a cedarbird, or a Bombycilla cedrorun. 

A Bohemian waxwing is large waxwing of northern North America; similar to but larger than the cedar waxwing, also known as a Bombycilla garrulus. 

A corvine bird is birds of the crow family. A corvine bird is either a magpie, a jay, a nutcracker, a crow, a raven, a rook, a jackdaw, or a chough. 

A magpie is long-tailed black-and-white crow that utters a raucous chattering call. A magpie is either a European magpie, or a American magpie. 

A European magpie is a common magpie of Eurasia, also known as a Pica pica. 

A American magpie is a magpie of Rocky Mountains in North America, also known as a Pica pica hudsonia. 

A jay is crested largely blue bird. A jay is either a New World jay, a Old World jay, or a Canada jay. 

A New World jay is a North American jay. A New World jay can, more specifically, be a blue jay. 

A blue jay is common jay of eastern North America; bright blue with grey breast, also known as a jaybird, or a Cyanocitta cristata. 

A Old World jay is a European jay. A Old World jay can, more specifically, be a common European jay. 

A common European jay is fawn-colored jay with black-and-white crest and blue-and-black wings, also known as a Garullus garullus. 

A Canada jay is a jay of northern North America with black-capped head and no crest; noted for boldness in thievery, also known as a grey jay, a gray jay, a camp robber, a whisker jack, or a Perisoreus canadensis. A Canada jay can, more specifically, be a Rocky Mountain jay. 

A Rocky Mountain jay is a Canada jay with a white head; widely distributed from Montana to Arizona, also known as a Perisoreus canadensis capitalis. 

A nutcracker is speckled birds that feed on nuts. A nutcracker is either a Clark's nutcracker, or a common nutcracker. 

A Clark's nutcracker is nutcracker of the western United States, also known as a Nucifraga columbiana. 

A common nutcracker is Old World nutcracker, also known as a Nucifraga caryocatactes. 

A crow is black birds having a raucous call. A crow can, more specifically, be a American crow. 

A American crow is common crow of North America, also known as a Corvus brachyrhyncos. 

A raven is large black bird with a straight bill and long wedge-shaped tail, also known as a Corvus corax. 

A rook is common gregarious Old World bird about the size and color of the American crow, also known as a Corvus frugilegus. 

A jackdaw is common black-and-grey Eurasian bird noted for thievery, also known as a daw, or a Corvus monedula. 

A chough is a European corvine bird of small or medium size with red legs and glossy black plumage. 

A thrasher is thrush-like American songbird able to mimic other birdsongs, also known as a mocking thrush. A thrasher can, more specifically, be a brown thrasher. 

A brown thrasher is common large songbird of eastern United States having reddish-brown plumage, also known as a brown thrush, or a Toxostoma rufums. 

A starling is gregarious birds native to the Old World. A starling is either a common starling, a rose-colored starling, or a myna. 

A common starling is gregarious bird having plumage with dark metallic gloss; builds nests around dwellings and other structures; naturalized worldwide, also known as a Sturnus vulgaris. 

A rose-colored starling is glossy black bird with pink back and abdomen; chiefly Asian, also known as a rose-colored pastor, a Pastor sturnus, or a Pastor roseus. 

A myna is tropical Asian starlings, also known as a mynah, a mina, a minah, a myna bird, or a mynah bird. A myna is either a hill myna, or a crested myna. 

A hill myna is glossy black Asiatic starling often taught to mimic speech, also known as a Indian grackle, a grackle, or a Gracula religiosa. 

A crested myna is dark brown crested bird of southeastern Asia, also known as a Acridotheres tristis. 

A fairy bluebird is fruit-eating mostly brilliant blue songbird of the East Indies, also known as a bluebird. 

A babbler is any of various insectivorous Old World birds with a loud incessant song; in some classifications considered members of the family Muscicapidae, also known as a cackler. 

A vireo is any of various small insectivorous American birds chiefly olive-grey in color. A vireo is either a solitary vireo, a red-eyed vireo, or a blue-headed vireo. 

A solitary vireo is of eastern North America having a bluish-grey head and mostly green body, also known as a Vireo solitarius. 

A red-eyed vireo is of northern North America having red irises and an olive-grey body with white underparts, also known as a Vireo olivaceous. 

A blue-headed vireo is common vireo of northeastern North America with bluish slaty-grey head, also known as a Vireo solitarius solitarius. 

A creeper is any of various small insectivorous birds of the northern hemisphere that climb up a tree trunk supporting themselves on stiff tail feathers and their feet, also known as a tree creeper. A creeper is either a wall creeper, a brown creeper, or a European creeper. 

A wall creeper is crimson-and-grey songbird that inhabits town walls and mountain cliffs of southern Eurasia and northern Africa, also known as a tichodrome, or a Tichodroma muriaria. 

A brown creeper is a common creeper in North America with a down-curved bill, also known as a American creeper, or a Certhia americana. 

A European creeper is common European brown-and-buff tree creeper with down-curved bill, also known as a Certhia familiaris. 

A Australian magpie is black-and-white oscine birds that resemble magpies. A Australian magpie is either a piping crow, a currawong, or a butcherbird. 

A piping crow is crow-sized black-and-white bird; a good mimic often caged, also known as a piping crow-shrike, or a Gymnorhina tibicen. 

A currawong is bluish black fruit-eating bird with a bell-like call, also known as a bell magpie. 

A butcherbird is large carnivorous Australian bird with the shrike-like habit of impaling prey on thorns. 

A blue mockingbird is mockingbird of Mexico, also known as a Melanotis caerulescens. 

A bowerbird is any of various birds of the Australian region whose males build ornamented structures resembling bowers in order to attract females, also known as a catbird. A bowerbird is either a satin bowerbird, or a great bowerbird. 

A satin bowerbird is of southeast Australia; male is glossy violet blue; female is light grey-green, also known as a satin bird, or a Ptilonorhynchus violaceus. 

A great bowerbird is large bowerbird of northern Australia, also known as a Chlamydera nuchalis. 

An accentor is small sparrow-like songbird of mountainous regions of Eurasia. An accentor can, more specifically, be a hedge sparrow. 

A hedge sparrow is small brownish European songbird, also known as a sparrow, a dunnock, or a Prunella modularis. 

A scrubbird is small fast-running Australian bird resembling a wren and frequenting brush or scrub, also known as a scrub-bird, or a scrub bird. 

A sparrow is any of several small dull-colored singing birds feeding on seeds or insects, also known as a true sparrow. A sparrow is either a English sparrow, or a tree sparrow. 

A English sparrow is small hardy brown-and-grey bird native to Europe, also known as a house sparrow, or a Passer domesticus. 

A tree sparrow is Eurasian sparrow smaller than the house sparrow, also known as a Passer montanus. 

A broadbill is small birds of the Old World tropics having bright plumage and short wide bills. 

A wren is any of several small active brown birds of the northern hemisphere with short upright tails; they feed on insects, also known as a jenny wren. A wren is either a winter wren, a house wren, a marsh wren, a cactus wren, a Carolina wren, or a rock wren. 

A winter wren is small wren of coniferous forests of northern hemisphere, also known as a Troglodytes troglodytes. 

A house wren is common American wren that nests around houses, also known as a Troglodytes aedon. 

A marsh wren is a wren of the genus Cistothorus that frequents marshes. A marsh wren is either a sedge wren, or a long-billed marsh wren. 

A sedge wren is small American wren inhabiting wet sedgy meadows, also known as a short-billed marsh wren, or a Cistothorus platensis. 

A long-billed marsh wren is American wren that inhabits tall reed beds, also known as a Cistothorus palustris. 

A cactus wren is large harsh-voiced American wren of arid regions of the United States southwest and Mexico. 

A Carolina wren is large United States wren with a musical call, also known as a Thryothorus ludovicianus. 

A rock wren is wren inhabiting badlands and mesa country of western United States and Mexico, also known as a Salpinctes obsoletus. 

A lyrebird is Australian bird that resembles a pheasant; the courting male displays long tail feathers in a lyre shape. 

A tyrannid is a passerine bird of the suborder Tyranni. A tyrannid is either an antbird, an ovenbird, a New World flycatcher, a manakin, a pitta, or a woodhewer. 

An antbird is any of various dull-colored South American birds that feeding on ants some following army ant swarms, also known as an ant bird. An antbird is either an ant thrush, an ant shrike, or a spotted antbird. 

An ant thrush is a kind of antbird. 

An ant shrike is antbirds superficially resembling shrikes. 

A spotted antbird is a kind of antbird, also known as a Hylophylax naevioides. 

An ovenbird is small brownish South American birds that build oven-shaped clay nests. 

A New World flycatcher is large American birds that characteristically catch insects on the wing, also known as a flycatcher, a tyrant flycatcher, or a tyrant bird. A New World flycatcher is either a pewee, a kingbird, a phoebe, a cotinga, a vermillion flycatcher, or a scissortail. 

A pewee is small olive-colored woodland flycatchers of eastern North America, also known as a peewee, a peewit, a pewit, a wood pewee, or a Contopus virens. A pewee can, more specifically, be a western wood pewee. 

A western wood pewee is small flycatcher of western North America, also known as a Contopus sordidulus. 

A kingbird is large American flycatcher, also known as a Tyrannus tyrannus. A kingbird is either a Arkansas kingbird, a Cassin's kingbird, a grey kingbird, or an eastern kingbird. 

A Arkansas kingbird is a kingbird seen in western United States; head and back are pale grey and the breast is yellowish and the tail is black, also known as a western kingbird. 

A Cassin's kingbird is a kingbird seen in the southwestern United States; largely grey with a yellow abdomen, also known as a Tyrannus vociferans. 

A grey kingbird is a kingbird that breeds in the southeastern United States and winters in tropical America; similar to but larger than the eastern kingbird, also known as a gray kingbird, a petchary, or a Tyrannus domenicensis domenicensis. 

An eastern kingbird is a kingbird that breeds in North America and winters in tropical America; distinguished by a white band on the tip of the tail. 

A phoebe is small dun-colored North American flycatcher, also known as a phoebe bird, or a Sayornis phoebe. 

A cotinga is passerine bird of New World tropics, also known as a chatterer. A cotinga is either a cock of the rock, an umbrella bird, a cock of the rock, or a bellbird. 

A cock of the rock is bird of the Andes similar to Rupicola rupicola, also known as a Rupicola peruviana. 

An umbrella bird is black tropical American bird having a large overhanging crest and long feathered wattle, also known as a Cephalopterus ornatus. 

A cock of the rock is tropical bird of northern South America the male having brilliant red or orange plumage and an erectile disklike crest, also known as a Rupicola rupicola. 

A bellbird is any of several tropical American birds of the genus Procnias having a bell-like call. 

A vermillion flycatcher is tropical American flycatcher found as far north as southern Texas and Arizona; adult male has bright scarlet and black plumage, also known as a firebird, or a Pyrocephalus rubinus mexicanus. 

A scissortail is grey flycatcher of the southwestern United States and Mexico and Central America having a long forked tail and white breast and salmon and scarlet markings, also known as a scissortailed flycatcher, or a Muscivora-forficata. 

A manakin is any of numerous small bright-colored birds of Central America and South America having short bills and elaborate courtship behavior. 

A pitta is any bird of the genus Pitta; brilliantly colored chiefly terrestrial birds with short wings and tail and stout bills. 

A woodhewer is any of numerous South American and Central American birds with a curved bill and stiffened tail feathers that climb and feed like woodpeckers, also known as a woodcreeper, a wood-creeper, or a tree creeper. 

A carinate is birds having keeled breastbones for attachment of flight muscles, also known as a carinate bird, or a flying bird. 

A trogon is forest bird of warm regions of the New World having brilliant lustrous plumage and long tails. A trogon can, more specifically, be a quetzal. 

A quetzal is large trogon of Central America and South America having golden-green and scarlet plumage, also known as a quetzal bird. A quetzal can, more specifically, be a resplendent quetzel. 

A resplendent quetzel is very rare Central American bird; the national bird of Guatemala, also known as a resplendent trogon, or a Pharomacrus mocino. 

A dickeybird is small bird; adults talking to children sometimes use these words to refer to small birds, also known as a dickey-bird, a dickybird, or a dicky-bird. 

A bird of passage is any bird that migrates seasonally. 

A nester is a bird that has built (or is building) a nest. 

A Ibero-mesornis is sparrow-sized fossil bird of the Cretaceous period having a vestigial tail; found in Spain; considered possibly the third most primitive of all birds. 

A piciform bird is any of numerous nonpasserine insectivorous climbing birds usually having strong bills for boring wood. A piciform bird is either a barbet, a toucan, a jacamar, a woodpecker, a puffbird, or a honey guide. 

A barbet is small brightly colored stout-billed tropical bird having short weak wings. 

A toucan is brilliantly colored arboreal fruit-eating bird of tropical America having a very large thin-walled beak. A toucan can, more specifically, be a toucanet. 

A toucanet is small toucan. 

A jacamar is tropical American insectivorous bird having a long sharp bill and iridescent green or bronze plumage. 

A woodpecker is bird with strong claws and a stiff tail adapted for climbing and a hard chisel-like bill for boring into wood for insects, also known as a peckerwood, or a pecker. A woodpecker is either a piculet, a downy woodpecker, a flicker, a wryneck, an ivorybill, a redheaded woodpecker, a green woodpecker, or a sapsucker. 

A piculet is small woodpeckers of South America and Africa and East Indies having soft rounded tail feathers. 

A downy woodpecker is small North American woodpecker with black and white plumage and a small bill. 

A flicker is North American woodpecker. A flicker is either a yellow-shafted flicker, a gilded flicker, or a red-shafted flicker. 

A yellow-shafted flicker is large flicker of eastern North America with a red neck and yellow undersurface to wings and tail, also known as a Colaptes auratus, or a yellowhammer. 

A gilded flicker is southwestern United States bird like the yellow-shafted flicker but lacking the red neck, also known as a Colaptes chrysoides. 

A red-shafted flicker is western United States bird with red undersurface to wings and tail, also known as a Colaptes caper collaris. 

A wryneck is Old World woodpecker with a peculiar habit of twisting the neck. 

An ivorybill is large black-and-white woodpecker of southern United States and Cuba having an ivory bill; nearly extinct, also known as an ivory-billed woodpecker, or a Campephilus principalis. 

A redheaded woodpecker is black-and-white North American woodpecker having a red head and neck, also known as a redhead, or a Melanerpes erythrocephalus. 

A green woodpecker is woodpecker of Europe and western Asia, also known as a Picus viridis. 

A sapsucker is small American woodpecker that feeds on sap from e.g. apple and maple trees. A sapsucker is either a yellow-bellied sapsucker, or a red-breasted sapsucker. 

A yellow-bellied sapsucker is eastern North American sapsucker having a pale yellow abdomen, also known as a Sphyrapicus varius. 

A red-breasted sapsucker is western North American sapsucker, also known as a Sphyrapicus varius ruber. 

A puffbird is brownish tropical American bird having a large head with fluffed out feathers. 

A honey guide is small bird of tropical Africa and Asia; feeds on beeswax and honey and larvae. 

An aquatic bird is wading and swimming and diving birds of either fresh or salt water. An aquatic bird is either a waterfowl, a seabird, a gallinule, a wading bird, or a swan. 

A waterfowl is freshwater aquatic bird, also known as a water bird, or a waterbird. A waterfowl is either an anseriform bird, or a screamer. 

An anseriform bird is chiefly web-footed swimming birds. An anseriform bird is either a duck, or a goose. 

A duck is small wild or domesticated web-footed broad-billed swimming bird usually having a depressed body and short legs. A duck is either a teal, a drake, a canvasback, a pochard, a diving duck, a wood duck, a bufflehead, a widgeon, a ruddy duck, a pintail, a mandarin duck, a duckling, a muscovy duck, a black duck, a sea duck, a shoveler, a sheldrake, a quack-quack, a wild duck, a mallard, a dabbling duck, a redhead, a goldeneye, or a scaup. 

A teal is any of various small short-necked dabbling river ducks of Europe and America. A teal is either a greenwing, a bluewing, or a garganey. 

A greenwing is common teal of Eurasia and North America, also known as a green-winged teal, or a Anas crecca. 

A bluewing is American teal, also known as a blue-winged teal, or a Anas discors. 

A garganey is small Eurasian teal, also known as a Anas querquedula. 

A drake is adult male of a wild or domestic duck. 

A canvasback is North American wild duck valued for sport and food, also known as a canvasback duck, or a Aythya valisineria. 

A pochard is heavy-bodied Old World diving duck having a grey-and-black body and reddish head, also known as a Aythya ferina. 

A diving duck is any of various ducks of especially bays and estuaries that dive for their food. 

A wood duck is showy North American duck that nests in hollow trees, also known as a summer duck, a wood widgeon, or a Aix sponsa. A wood duck can, more specifically, be a wood drake. 

A wood drake is male wood duck. 

A bufflehead is small North American diving duck; males have bushy head plumage, also known as a butterball, a dipper, or a Bucephela albeola. 

A widgeon is freshwater duck of Eurasia and northern Africa related to mallards and teals, also known as a wigeon, or a Anas penelope. A widgeon can, more specifically, be a American widgeon. 

A American widgeon is a widgeon the male of which has a white crown, also known as a baldpate, or a Anas americana. 

A ruddy duck is reddish-brown stiff-tailed duck of North America and northern South America, also known as a Oxyura jamaicensis. 

A pintail is long-necked river duck of the Old and New Worlds having elongated central tail feathers, also known as a pin-tailed duck, or a Anas acuta. 

A mandarin duck is showy crested Asiatic duck; often domesticated, also known as a Aix galericulata. 

A duckling is young duck. 

A muscovy duck is large crested wild duck of Central America and South America; widely domesticated, also known as a musk duck, or a Cairina moschata. 

A black duck is a dusky duck of northeastern United States and Canada, also known as a Anas rubripes. 

A sea duck is any of various large diving ducks found along the seacoast: eider; scoter; merganser. A sea duck is either an eider, an old squaw, a merganser, or a scoter. 

An eider is duck of the northern hemisphere much valued for the fine soft down of the females, also known as an eider duck. 

An old squaw is a common long-tailed sea duck of the northern parts of the United States, also known as an oldwife, or a Clangula hyemalis. 

A merganser is large crested fish-eating diving duck having a slender hooked bill with serrated edges, also known as a fish duck, a sawbill, or a sheldrake. A merganser is either a goosander, a smew, a American merganser, a red-breasted merganser, or a hooded merganser. 

A goosander is common merganser of Europe and North America, also known as a Mergus merganser. 

A smew is smallest merganser and most expert diver; found in northern Eurasia, also known as a Mergus albellus. 

A American merganser is common North American diving duck considered a variety of the European goosander, also known as a Mergus merganser americanus. 

A red-breasted merganser is widely distributed merganser of America and Europe, also known as a Mergus serrator. 

A hooded merganser is small North American duck with a high circular crest on the male's head, also known as a hooded sheldrake, or a Lophodytes cucullatus. 

A scoter is large black diving duck of northern parts of the northern hemisphere, also known as a scooter. A scoter can, more specifically, be a common scoter. 

A common scoter is a variety of scoter, also known as a Melanitta nigra. 

A shoveler is freshwater duck of the northern hemisphere having a broad flat bill, also known as a shoveller, a broadbill, or a Anas clypeata. 

A sheldrake is Old World gooselike duck slightly larger than a mallard with variegated mostly black-and-white plumage and a red bill. A sheldrake can, more specifically, be a shelduck. 

A shelduck is female sheldrake. 

A quack-quack is child's word for a duck. 

A wild duck is an undomesticated duck (especially a mallard). 

A mallard is wild dabbling duck from which domestic ducks are descended; widely distributed, also known as a Anas platyrhynchos. 

A dabbling duck is any of numerous shallow-water ducks that feed by upending and dabbling, also known as a dabbler. 

A redhead is North American diving duck with a grey-and-black body and reddish-brown head, also known as a Aythya americana. 

A goldeneye is large-headed swift-flying diving duck of Arctic regions, also known as a whistler, or a Bucephela clangula. A goldeneye can, more specifically, be a Barrow's goldeneye. 

A Barrow's goldeneye is North American goldeneye diving duck, also known as a Bucephala islandica. 

A scaup is diving ducks of North America having a bluish-grey bill, also known as a scaup duck, a bluebill, or a broadbill. A scaup is either a lesser scaup, or a greater scaup. 

A lesser scaup is common scaup of North America; males have purplish heads, also known as a lesser scaup duck, a lake duck, or a Aythya affinis. 

A greater scaup is large scaup of North America having a greenish iridescence on the head of the male, also known as a Aythya marila. 

A goose is web-footed long-necked typically gregarious migratory aquatic birds usually larger and less aquatic than ducks. A goose is either a gander, a brant, a barnacle goose, a honker, a Chinese goose, a gosling, a greylag, or a blue goose. 

A gander is mature male goose. 

A brant is small dark geese that breed in the north and migrate southward, also known as a brant goose, a brent, or a brent goose. A brant can, more specifically, be a common brant goose. 

A common brant goose is the best known variety of brant goose, also known as a Branta bernicla. 

A barnacle goose is European goose smaller than the brant; breeds in the far north, also known as a barnacle, or a Branta leucopsis. 

A honker is common greyish-brown wild goose of North America with a loud, trumpeting call, also known as a Canada goose, a Canadian goose, or a Branta canadensis. 

A Chinese goose is very large wild goose of northeast Asia; interbreeds freely with the greylag, also known as a Anser cygnoides. 

A gosling is young goose. 

A greylag is common grey wild goose of Europe; ancestor of many domestic breeds, also known as a graylag, a greylag goose, a graylag goose, or a Anser anser. 

A blue goose is North American wild goose having dark plumage in summer but white in winter, also known as a Chen caerulescens. A blue goose can, more specifically, be a snow goose. 

A snow goose is blue goose in the white color phase. 

A screamer is gooselike aquatic bird of South America having a harsh trumpeting call. A screamer is either a crested screamer, or a horned screamer. 

A crested screamer is distinguished from the horned screamer by a feathery crest on the back of the head. A crested screamer can, more specifically, be a chaja. 

A chaja is largest crested screamer; native to southern Brazil and Argentina, also known as a Chauna torquata. 

A horned screamer is screamer having a hornlike process projecting from the forehead, also known as a Anhima cornuta. 

A seabird is a bird that frequents coastal waters and the open ocean: gulls; pelicans; gannets; cormorants; albatrosses; petrels; etc., also known as a sea bird, or a seafowl. A seabird is either an auk, a pelagic bird, a puffin, a coastal diving bird, a sphenisciform seabird, a podicipitiform seabird, a pelecaniform seabird, or a gaviiform seabird. 

An auk is black-and-white short-necked web-footed diving bird of northern seas. An auk is either an auklet, a little auk, a razorbill, a guillemot, or a great auk. 

An auklet is any of several small auks of the northern Pacific coasts. 

A little auk is small short-billed auk abundant in Arctic regions, also known as a dovekie, or a Plautus alle. 

A razorbill is black-and-white northern Atlantic auk having a compressed sharp-edged bill, also known as a razor-billed auk, or a Alca torda. 

A guillemot is small black or brown speckled auks of northern seas. A guillemot is either a murre, a black guillemot, or a pigeon guillemot. 

A murre is black-and-white diving bird of northern seas. A murre is either a common murre, or a thick-billed murre. 

A common murre is the most frequent variety of murre, also known as a Uria aalge. 

A thick-billed murre is a variety of murre, also known as a Uria lomvia. 

A black guillemot is northern Atlantic guillemot, also known as a Cepphus grylle. 

A pigeon guillemot is northern Pacific guillemot, also known as a Cepphus columba. 

A great auk is large flightless auk of rocky islands off northern Atlantic coasts; extinct, also known as a Pinguinus impennis. 

A pelagic bird is bird of the open seas, also known as an oceanic bird. A pelagic bird is either a diving petrel, an albatross, a petrel, or a procellariiform seabird. 

A diving petrel is any of several small diving birds of southern hemisphere seas; somewhat resemble auks. 

An albatross is large web-footed birds of the southern hemisphere having long narrow wings; noted for powerful gliding flight, also known as a mollymawk. An albatross is either a black-footed albatross, or a wandering albatross. 

A black-footed albatross is a variety of albatross with black feet, also known as a gooney, a gooney bird, a goonie, a goony, or a Diomedea nigripes. 

A wandering albatross is very large albatross; white with wide black wings, also known as a Diomedea exulans. 

A petrel is relatively small long-winged tube-nosed bird that flies far from land. A petrel is either a giant petrel, a shearwater, a white-chinned petrel, a fulmar, or a storm petrel. 

A giant petrel is large brownish petrel chiefly of Antarctic seas, also known as a giant fulmar, or a Macronectes giganteus. 

A shearwater is long-winged oceanic bird that in flight skims close to the waves. A shearwater can, more specifically, be a Manx shearwater. 

A Manx shearwater is small black-and-white shearwater common in the northeastern Atlantic, also known as a Puffinus puffinus. 

A white-chinned petrel is large black petrel of southern seas having a white mark on the chin, also known as a Procellaria aequinoctialis. 

A fulmar is heavy short-tailed oceanic bird of polar regions, also known as a fulmar petrel, or a Fulmarus glacialis. 

A storm petrel is any of various small petrels having dark plumage with paler underparts. A storm petrel is either a Mother Carey's chicken, or a stormy petrel. 

A Mother Carey's chicken is medium-sized storm petrel, also known as a Mother Carey's hen, or a Oceanites oceanicus. 

A stormy petrel is sooty black petrel with white markings; of the northern Atlantic and Mediterranean, also known as a northern storm petrel, or a Hydrobates pelagicus. 

A procellariiform seabird is large long-winged bird with hooked bill and tubular nostrils that wanders the open seas. 

A puffin is any of two genera of northern seabirds having short necks and brightly colored compressed bills. A puffin is either a horned puffin, a Atlantic puffin, or a tufted puffin. 

A horned puffin is northern Pacific puffin, also known as a Fratercula corniculata. 

A Atlantic puffin is common puffin of the northern Atlantic, also known as a Fratercula arctica. 

A tufted puffin is northern Pacific puffin having a large yellow plume over each eye, also known as a Lunda cirrhata. 

A coastal diving bird is gull family; skimmer family; jaeger family; auk family. A coastal diving bird is either a larid, a skimmer, or a jaeger. 

A larid is long-winged web-footed aquatic bird of the gull family. A larid is either a gull, or a tern. 

A gull is mostly white aquatic bird having long pointed wings and short legs, also known as a seagull, or a sea gull. A gull is either a herring gull, an ivory gull, a kittiwake, a laughing gull, a black-backed gull, or a mew. 

A herring gull is large gull of the northern hemisphere, also known as a Larus argentatus. 

An ivory gull is white Arctic gull; migrates as far south as England and New Brunswick, also known as a Pagophila eburnea. 

A kittiwake is small pearl-grey gull of northern regions; nests on cliffs and has a rudimentary hind toe. 

A laughing gull is small black-headed European gull, also known as a blackcap, a pewit, a pewit gull, or a Larus ridibundus. 

A black-backed gull is white gull having a black back and wings, also known as a great black-backed gull, a cob, or a Larus marinus. 

A mew is the common gull of Eurasia and northeastern North America, also known as a mew gull, a sea mew, or a Larus canus. 

A tern is small slender gull having narrow wings and a forked tail. A tern can, more specifically, be a sea swallow. 

A sea swallow is common tern of Eurasia and America having white black and grey plumage, also known as a Sterna hirundo. 

A skimmer is gull-like seabird that flies along the surface of the water with an elongated lower mandible immersed to skim out food. 

A jaeger is rapacious seabird that pursues weaker birds to make them drop their prey. A jaeger is either a parasitic jaeger, or a skua. 

A parasitic jaeger is a variety of jaeger, also known as an arctic skua, or a Stercorarius parasiticus. 

A skua is gull-like jaeger of northern seas, also known as a bonxie. A skua can, more specifically, be a great skua. 

A great skua is large brown skua of the northern Atlantic, also known as a Catharacta skua. 

A sphenisciform seabird is flightless cold-water seabirds: penguins. A sphenisciform seabird can, more specifically, be a penguin. 

A penguin is short-legged flightless birds of cold southern especially Antarctic regions having webbed feet and wings modified as flippers. A penguin is either a Adelie, a jackass penguin, an emperor penguin, a rock hopper, or a king penguin. 

A Adelie is medium-sized penguins occurring in large colonies on the Adelie Coast of Antarctica, also known as a Adelie penguin, or a Pygoscelis adeliae. 

A jackass penguin is small penguin of South America and southern Africa with a braying call, also known as a Spheniscus demersus. 

An emperor penguin is the largest penguin; an Antarctic penguin, also known as a Aptenodytes forsteri. 

A rock hopper is small penguin of the Falkland Islands and New Zealand, also known as a crested penguin. 

A king penguin is large penguin on islands bordering the Antarctic Circle, also known as a Aptenodytes patagonica. 

A podicipitiform seabird is aquatic birds related to the loons. A podicipitiform seabird can, more specifically, be a grebe. 

A grebe is small compact-bodied almost completely aquatic bird that builds floating nests; similar to loons but smaller and with lobate rather than webbed feet. A grebe is either a pied-billed grebe, a dabchick, a black-necked grebe, a red-necked grebe, or a great crested grebe. 

A pied-billed grebe is American grebe having a black-banded whitish bill, also known as a Podilymbus podiceps. 

A dabchick is small European grebe, also known as a little grebe, or a Podiceps ruficollis. 

A black-necked grebe is small grebe with yellow ear tufts and a black neck; found in Eurasia and southern Africa as well as western United States, also known as an eared grebe, or a Podiceps nigricollis. 

A red-necked grebe is large stocky grebe of circumpolar regions having a dark neck, also known as a Podiceps grisegena. 

A great crested grebe is large Old World grebe with black ear tufts, also known as a Podiceps cristatus. 

A pelecaniform seabird is large fish-eating seabird with four-toed webbed feet. A pelecaniform seabird is either a gannet, a cormorant, a tropic bird, a snakebird, a frigate bird, or a pelican. 

A gannet is large heavily built seabird with a long stout bill noted for its plunging dives for fish. A gannet is either a booby, or a solan. 

A booby is small tropical gannet having a bright bill or bright feet or both. 

A solan is very large white gannet with black wing tips, also known as a solan goose, a solant goose, or a Sula bassana. 

A cormorant is large voracious dark-colored long-necked seabird with a distensible pouch for holding fish; used in Asia to catch fish, also known as a Phalacrocorax carbo. 

A tropic bird is mostly white web-footed tropical seabird often found far from land, also known as a tropicbird, or a boatswain bird. 

A snakebird is fish-eating bird of warm inland waters having a long flexible neck and slender sharp-pointed bill, also known as an anhinga, or a darter. A snakebird can, more specifically, be a water turkey. 

A water turkey is blackish New World snakebird of swampy regions, also known as a Anhinga anhinga. 

A frigate bird is long-billed warm-water seabird with wide wingspan and forked tail, also known as a man-of-war bird. 

A pelican is large long-winged warm-water seabird having a large bill with a distensible pouch for fish. A pelican is either a white pelican, or a Old world white pelican. 

A white pelican is large American pelican; white with black wing feathers, also known as a Pelecanus erythrorhynchos. 

A Old world white pelican is similar to American white pelican, also known as a Pelecanus onocrotalus. 

A gaviiform seabird is seabirds of the order Gaviiformes. A gaviiform seabird can, more specifically, be a loon. 

A loon is large somewhat primitive fish-eating diving bird of the northern hemisphere having webbed feet placed far back; related to the grebes, also known as a diver. 

A gallinule is any of various small aquatic birds of the genus Gallinula distinguished from rails by a frontal shield and a resemblance to domestic hens, also known as a marsh hen, a water hen, or a swamphen. A gallinule is either a purple gallinule, a Florida gallinule, or a moorhen. 

A purple gallinule is gallinules with showy purplish plumage. A purple gallinule is either a American gallinule, or a European gallinule. 

A American gallinule is American purple gallinule, also known as a Porphyrula martinica. 

A European gallinule is purple gallinule of southern Europe, also known as a Porphyrio porphyrio. 

A Florida gallinule is North American dark bluish-grey gallinule, also known as a Gallinula chloropus cachinnans. 

A moorhen is black gallinule that inhabits ponds and lakes, also known as a Gallinula chloropus. 

A wading bird is any of many long-legged birds that wade in water in search of food, also known as a wader. A wading bird is either a stork, a rail, a shoebill, a plain wanderer, a button quail, a shorebird, an ibis, an ortygan, a spoonbill, a courlan, a limpkin, a chunga, a bustard, a flamingo, a crested cariama, a heron, a trumpeter, or a crane. 

A stork is large mostly Old World wading birds typically having white-and-black plumage. A stork is either a policeman bird, a wood ibis, an openbill, a saddlebill, a jabiru, a white stork, a marabou, an adjutant bird, or a black stork. 

A policeman bird is large mostly white Australian stork, also known as a black-necked stork, a jabiru, or a Xenorhyncus asiaticus. 

A wood ibis is an American stork that resembles the true ibises in having a downward-curved bill; inhabits wooded swamps of New World tropics, also known as a wood stork, a flinthead, or a Mycteria americana. 

An openbill is stork with a grooved bill whose upper and lower parts touch only at the base and tip. 

A saddlebill is large black-and-white stork of tropical Africa; its red bill has a black band around the middle, also known as a jabiru, or a Ephippiorhynchus senegalensis. 

A jabiru is large white stork of warm regions of the world especially America, also known as a Jabiru mycteria. 

A white stork is the common stork of Europe; white with black wing feathers and a red bill, also known as a Ciconia ciconia. 

A marabou is large African black-and-white carrion-eating stork; its downy underwing feathers are used to trim garments, also known as a marabout, a marabou stork, or a Leptoptilus crumeniferus. 

An adjutant bird is large Indian stork with a military gait, also known as an adjutant, an adjutant stork, or a Leptoptilus dubius. 

A black stork is Old World stork that is glossy black above and white below, also known as a Ciconia nigra. 

A rail is any of numerous widely distributed small wading birds of the family Rallidae having short wings and very long toes for running on soft mud. A rail is either a coot, a weka, a crake, or a notornis. 

A coot is slate-black slow-flying birds somewhat resembling ducks. A coot is either a Old World coot, or a American coot. 

A Old World coot is a coot found in Eurasia, also known as a Fulica atra. 

A American coot is a coot found in North America, also known as a marsh hen, a mud hen, a water hen, or a Fulica americana. 

A weka is flightless New Zealand rail of thievish disposition having short wings each with a spur used in fighting, also known as a maori hen, or a wood hen. 

A crake is any of several short-billed Old World rails. A crake is either a corncrake, or a spotted crake. 

A corncrake is common Eurasian rail that frequents grain fields, also known as a land rail, or a Crex crex. 

A spotted crake is Eurasian rail of swamps and marshes, also known as a Porzana porzana. 

A notornis is flightless New Zealand birds similar to gallinules, also known as a takahe, or a Notornis mantelli. 

A shoebill is large stork-like bird of the valley of the White Nile with a broad bill suggesting a wooden shoe, also known as a shoebird, or a Balaeniceps rex. 

A plain wanderer is small Australian bird related to the button quail; classified as wading bird but inhabits plains, also known as a Pedionomus torquatus. 

A button quail is small quail-like terrestrial bird of southern Eurasia and northern Africa that lacks a hind toe; classified with wading birds but inhabits grassy plains, also known as a button-quail, a bustard quail, or a hemipode. A button quail can, more specifically, be a striped button quail. 

A striped button quail is a variety of button quail having stripes, also known as a Turnix sylvatica. 

A shorebird is any of numerous wading birds that frequent mostly seashores and estuaries, also known as a shore bird, or a limicoline bird. A shorebird is either an oystercatcher, a plover, a phalarope, a curlew, a woodcock, a courser, a snipe, a stilt, a stone curlew, a sandpiper, a stilt, an avocet, a pratincole, a surfbird, or a godwit. 

An oystercatcher is black-and-white shorebird with stout legs and bill; feed on oysters etc., also known as an oyster catcher. 

A plover is any of numerous chiefly shorebirds of relatively compact build having straight bills and large pointed wings; closely related to the sandpipers. A plover is either a lapwing, a killdeer, a dotterel, a golden plover, a turnstone, or a piping plover. 

A lapwing is large crested Old World plover having wattles and spurs, also known as a green plover, a peewit, or a pewit. 

A killdeer is American plover of inland waters and fields having a distinctive cry, also known as a kildeer, a killdeer plover, or a Charadrius vociferus. 

A dotterel is rare plover of upland areas of Eurasia, also known as a dotrel, a Charadrius morinellus, or a Eudromias morinellus. 

A golden plover is plovers of Europe and America having the backs marked with golden-yellow spots. 

A turnstone is migratory shorebirds of the plover family that turn over stones in searching for food. A turnstone is either a black turnstone, or a ruddy turnstone. 

A black turnstone is common turnstone of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a Arenaria-Melanocephala. 

A ruddy turnstone is common Arctic turnstone that winters in South America and Australia, also known as a Arenaria interpres. 

A piping plover is small plover of eastern North America, also known as a Charadrius melodus. 

A phalarope is small sandpiper-like shorebird having lobate toes and being good swimmers; breed in the Arctic and winter in the tropics. A phalarope is either a red phalarope, a northern phalarope, or a Wilson's phalarope. 

A red phalarope is phalarope of northern oceans and lakes, also known as a Phalaropus fulicarius. 

A northern phalarope is breeds in Arctic regions of Old and New Worlds; large flocks often seen far out at sea, also known as a Lobipes lobatus. 

A Wilson's phalarope is breeds on the northern great plains of Canada, also known as a Steganopus tricolor. 

A curlew is large migratory shorebirds of the sandpiper family; closely related to woodcocks but having a down-curved bill. A curlew is either a European curlew, or a Eskimo curlew. 

A European curlew is common Eurasian curlew, also known as a Numenius arquata. 

A Eskimo curlew is New World curlew that breeds in northern North America, also known as a Numenius borealis. 

A woodcock is game bird of the sandpiper family that resembles a snipe. A woodcock is either a Eurasian woodcock, or a American woodcock. 

A Eurasian woodcock is short-legged long-billed migratory Old World woodcock, also known as a Scolopax rusticola. 

A American woodcock is small long-billed woodcock; prized as a game bird, also known as a woodcock snipe, or a Philohela minor. 

A courser is swift-footed terrestrial plover-like bird of southern Asia and Africa; related to the pratincoles. A courser is either a crocodile bird, or a cream-colored courser. 

A crocodile bird is African courser that feeds on insect parasites on crocodiles, also known as a Pluvianus aegyptius. 

A cream-colored courser is courser of desert and semidesert regions of the Old World, also known as a Cursorius cursor. 

A snipe is Old or New World straight-billed game bird of the sandpiper family; of marshy areas; similar to the woodcocks. A snipe is either a Wilson's snipe, a whole snipe, a dowitcher, a great snipe, or a jacksnipe. 

A Wilson's snipe is American snipe, also known as a Gallinago gallinago delicata. 

A whole snipe is common snipe of Eurasia and Africa, also known as a Gallinago gallinago. 

A dowitcher is shorebird of the sandpiper family that resembles a snipe. A dowitcher is either a red-breasted snipe, or a greyback. 

A red-breasted snipe is a dowitcher with a red breast, also known as a Limnodromus scolopaceus. 

A greyback is a dowitcher with a grey back, also known as a grayback, or a Limnodromus griseus. 

A great snipe is Old World snipe larger and darker than the whole snipe, also known as a woodcock snipe, or a Gallinago media. 

A jacksnipe is a small short-billed Old World snipe, also known as a half snipe, or a Limnocryptes minima. 

A stilt is long-legged three-toed wading bird of brackish marshes of Australia, also known as a Australian stilt. A stilt can, more specifically, be a banded stilt. 

A banded stilt is web-footed Australian stilt with reddish-brown pectoral markings, also known as a Cladorhyncus leucocephalum. 

A stone curlew is large-headed large-eyed crepuscular or nocturnal shorebird of the Old World and tropical America having a thickened knee joint, also known as a thick-knee, or a Burhinus oedicnemus. 

A sandpiper is any of numerous usually small wading birds having a slender bill and piping call; closely related to the plovers. A sandpiper is either a pectoral sandpiper, a sanderling, a greenshank, a spotted sandpiper, a curlew sandpiper, an upland sandpiper, a tattler, a red-backed sandpiper, a least sandpiper, a ruff, a redshank, a European sandpiper, a knot, or a yellowlegs. 

A pectoral sandpiper is American sandpiper that inflates its chest when courting, also known as a jacksnipe, or a Calidris melanotos. 

A sanderling is small sandpiper that breeds in the Arctic and migrates southward along sandy coasts in most of world, also known as a Crocethia alba. 

A greenshank is large European sandpiper with greenish legs, also known as a Tringa nebularia. 

A spotted sandpiper is common North American sandpiper, also known as a Actitis macularia. 

A curlew sandpiper is Old World sandpiper with a curved bill like a curlew, also known as a Calidris Ferruginea. 

An upland sandpiper is large plover-like sandpiper of North American fields and uplands, also known as an upland plover, a Bartramian sandpiper, or a Bartramia longicauda. 

A tattler is any of several long-legged shorebirds having a loud whistling cry. A tattler is either a willet, or a Polynesian tattler. 

A willet is large North American shorebird of eastern and Gulf Coasts, also known as a Catoptrophorus semipalmatus. 

A Polynesian tattler is tattler of Pacific coastal regions, also known as a Heteroscelus incanus. 

A red-backed sandpiper is small common sandpiper that breeds in northern or Arctic regions and winters in southern United States or Mediterranean regions, also known as a dunlin, or a Erolia alpina. 

A least sandpiper is smallest American sandpiper, also known as a stint, or a Erolia minutilla. 

A ruff is common Eurasian sandpiper; the male has an erectile neck ruff in breeding season, also known as a Philomachus pugnax. A ruff can, more specifically, be a reeve. 

A reeve is female ruff. 

A redshank is a common Old World wading bird with long red legs, also known as a Tringa totanus. 

A European sandpiper is a variety of sandpiper, also known as a Actitis hypoleucos. 

A knot is a sandpiper that breeds in the Arctic and winters in the southern hemisphere, also known as a greyback, a grayback, or a Calidris canutus. 

A yellowlegs is either of two North American shorebird with yellow legs. A yellowlegs is either a lesser yellowlegs, or a greater yellowlegs. 

A lesser yellowlegs is a variety of yellowlegs, also known as a Tringa flavipes. 

A greater yellowlegs is a variety of yellowlegs, also known as a Tringa melanoleuca. 

A stilt is long-legged three-toed black-and-white wading bird of inland ponds and marshes or brackish lagoons, also known as a stiltbird, a longlegs, a long-legs, a stilt plover, or a Himantopus stilt. A stilt is either a black-necked stilt, a kaki, a white-headed stilt, or a black-winged stilt. 

A black-necked stilt is stilt of southwestern United States to northern South America having black plumage extending from the head down the back of the neck, also known as a Himantopus mexicanus. 

A kaki is blackish stilt of New Zealand sometimes considered a color phase of the white-headed stilt, also known as a Himantopus novae-zelandiae. 

A white-headed stilt is stilt of the southwest Pacific including Australia and New Zealand having mostly white plumage but with black wings and nape of neck, also known as a Himantopus himantopus leucocephalus. 

A black-winged stilt is stilt of Europe and Africa and Asia having mostly white plumage but with black wings, also known as a Himantopus himantopus. 

An avocet is long-legged web-footed black-and-white shorebird with slender upward-curving bill. 

A pratincole is Old World shorebird with long pointed wings and short legs; closely related to the coursers, also known as a glareole. 

A surfbird is sandpiper-like shorebird of Pacific coasts of North America and South America, also known as a Aphriza virgata. 

A godwit is large wading bird that resembles a curlew; has a long slightly upturned bill. A godwit can, more specifically, be a Hudsonian godwit. 

A Hudsonian godwit is New World godwit, also known as a Limosa haemastica. 

An ibis is wading birds of warm regions having long slender down-curved bills. An ibis is either a sacred ibis, or a wood ibis. 

A sacred ibis is African ibis venerated by ancient Egyptians, also known as a Threskiornis aethiopica. 

A wood ibis is any of several Old World birds of the genus Ibis, also known as a wood stork, or a Ibis ibis. 

An ortygan is any of several East Indian birds. 

A spoonbill is wading birds having a long flat bill with a tip like a spoon. A spoonbill is either a roseate spoonbill, or a common spoonbill. 

A roseate spoonbill is tropical rose-colored New World spoonbill, also known as a Ajaia ajaja. 

A common spoonbill is pure white crested spoonbill of southern Eurasia and northeastern Africa, also known as a Platalea leucorodia. 

A courlan is wading bird of South America and Central America, also known as a Aramus guarauna. 

A limpkin is wading bird of Florida, Cuba and Jamaica having a drooping bill and a distinctive wailing call, also known as a Aramus pictus. 

A chunga is Argentinian Cariama, also known as a seriema, or a Chunga burmeisteri. 

A bustard is large heavy-bodied chiefly terrestrial game bird capable of powerful swift flight; classified with wading birds but frequents grassy steppes. A bustard is either a great bustard, or a plain turkey. 

A great bustard is largest European land bird, also known as a Otis tarda. 

A plain turkey is popular Australian game bird, also known as a Choriotis australis. 

A flamingo is large pink to scarlet web-footed wading bird with down-bent bill; inhabits brackish lakes. 

A crested cariama is Brazilian Cariama; sole representative of the genus Cariama, also known as a seriema, or a Cariama cristata. 

A heron is grey or white wading bird with long neck and long legs and (usually) long bill. A heron is either a little blue heron, a great white heron, a night heron, an egret, a bittern, a great blue heron, or a boatbill. 

A little blue heron is small bluish-grey heron of the western hemisphere, also known as a Egretta caerulea. 

A great white heron is large white heron of Florida and the Florida Keys, also known as a Ardea occidentalis. 

A night heron is nocturnal or crepuscular herons, also known as a night raven. A night heron is either a yellow-crowned night heron, or a black-crowned night heron. 

A yellow-crowned night heron is North American night heron, also known as a Nyctanassa violacea. 

A black-crowned night heron is night heron of both Old and New Worlds, also known as a Nycticorax nycticorax. 

An egret is any of various usually white herons having long plumes during breeding season. An egret is either a snowy egret, a little egret, a great white heron, a American egret, or a cattle egret. 

A snowy egret is small New World egret, also known as a snowy heron, or a Egretta thula. 

A little egret is Old World egret, also known as a Egretta garzetta. 

A great white heron is widely distributed Old World white egret, also known as a Casmerodius albus. 

A American egret is a common egret of the genus Egretta found in America; it is a variety of the Old World white egret Casmerodius albus, also known as a great white heron, or a Egretta albus. 

A cattle egret is small white egret widely distributed in warm regions often found around grazing animals, also known as a Bubulcus ibis. 

A bittern is relatively small compact tawny-brown heron with nocturnal habits and a booming cry; found in marshes. A bittern is either a American bittern, a European bittern, or a least bittern. 

A American bittern is a kind of bittern, also known as a stake driver, or a Botaurus lentiginosus. 

A European bittern is a kind of bittern, also known as a Botaurus stellaris. 

A least bittern is small American bittern, also known as a Ixobrychus exilis. 

A great blue heron is large American heron having bluish-grey plumage, also known as a Ardea herodius. 

A boatbill is tropical American heron related to night herons, also known as a boat-billed heron, a broadbill, or a Cochlearius cochlearius. 

A trumpeter is large gregarious crane-like bird of the forests of South America having glossy black plumage and a loud prolonged cry; easily domesticated. A trumpeter can, more specifically, be a Brazilian trumpeter. 

A Brazilian trumpeter is trumpeter of Brazil and Guiana; often kept to protect poultry in Brazil, also known as a Psophia crepitans. 

A crane is large long-necked wading bird of marshes and plains in many parts of the world. A crane can, more specifically, be a whooping crane. 

A whooping crane is rare North American crane having black-and-white plumage and a trumpeting call, also known as a whooper, or a Grus americana. 

A swan is stately heavy-bodied aquatic bird with very long neck and usually white plumage as adult. A swan is either a black swan, a mute swan, a trumpeter, a cob, a whooper, a tundra swan, a coscoroba, a pen, or a cygnet. 

A black swan is large Australian swan having black plumage and a red bill, also known as a Cygnus atratus. 

A mute swan is soundless Eurasian swan; commonly domesticated, also known as a Cygnus olor. 

A trumpeter is large pure white wild swan of western North America having a sonorous cry, also known as a trumpeter swan, or a Cygnus buccinator. 

A cob is adult male swan. 

A whooper is common Old World swan noted for its whooping call, also known as a whooper swan, or a Cygnus cygnus. 

A tundra swan is swan that nests in tundra regions of the New and Old Worlds, also known as a Cygnus columbianus. A tundra swan is either a Bewick's swan, or a whistling swan. 

A Bewick's swan is Eurasian subspecies of tundra swan; smaller than the whooper, also known as a Cygnus columbianus bewickii. 

A whistling swan is North American subspecies of tundra swan having a soft whistling note, also known as a Cygnus columbianus columbianus. 

A coscoroba is large white South American bird intermediate in some respects between ducks and swans. 

A pen is female swan. 

A cygnet is a young swan. 

A gallinaceous bird is heavy-bodied largely ground-feeding domestic or game birds, also known as a gallinacean. A gallinaceous bird is either a domestic fowl, an ocellated turkey, a hoatzin, a jungle fowl, a megapode, a curassow, a guan, a chachalaca, a game bird, or a columbiform bird. 

A domestic fowl is a domesticated gallinaceous bird thought to be descended from the red jungle fowl, also known as a fowl, or a poultry. A domestic fowl is either a Dorking, a game fowl, a Cornish, a Plymouth Rock, a cochin, a Rock Cornish, a bantam, a chicken, a guinea fowl, or a turkey. 

A Dorking is an English breed of large domestic fowl having five toes (the hind toe doubled). 

A game fowl is any of several breeds reared for cockfighting. 

A Cornish is English breed of compact domestic fowl; raised primarily to crossbreed to produce roasters, also known as a Cornish fowl. 

A Plymouth Rock is an American breed of domestic fowl. 

A cochin is Asian breed of large fowl with dense plumage and feathered legs, also known as a cochin china. 

A Rock Cornish is small plump hybrid developed by crossbreeding Plymouth Rock and Cornish fowl. 

A bantam is any of various small breeds of fowl. 

A chicken is a domestic fowl bred for flesh or eggs; believed to have been developed from the red jungle fowl, also known as a Gallus gallus. A chicken is either a Rhode Island red, a cock, a hen, a chick, a spring chicken, a Dominique, a capon, or a Orpington. 

A Rhode Island red is American breed of heavy-bodied brownish-red general-purpose chicken. 

A cock is adult male chicken, also known as a rooster. A cock can, more specifically, be a cockerel. 

A cockerel is a young domestic cock; not older than one year. 

A hen is adult female chicken, also known as a biddy. A hen is either a brood hen, a mother hen, a cackler, a layer, or a pullet. 

A brood hen is a domestic hen ready to brood, also known as a broody, a broody hen, a setting hen, or a sitter. 

A mother hen is a hen with chicks. 

A cackler is a hen that has just laid an egg and emits a shrill squawk. 

A layer is a hen that lays eggs. 

A pullet is young hen usually less than a year old. 

A chick is young bird especially of domestic fowl, also known as a biddy. 

A spring chicken is a young chicken having tender meat. 

A Dominique is American breed of chicken having barred grey plumage raised for meat and brown eggs, also known as a Dominick. 

A capon is castrated male chicken. 

A Orpington is English breed of large chickens with white skin. 

A guinea fowl is a west African bird having dark plumage mottled with white; native to Africa but raised for food in many parts of the world, also known as a guinea, or a Numida meleagris. A guinea fowl can, more specifically, be a guinea hen. 

A guinea hen is female guinea fowl. 

A turkey is large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food, also known as a Meleagris gallopavo. A turkey can, more specifically, be a turkey cock. 

A turkey cock is male turkey, also known as a gobbler, a tom, or a tom turkey. 

An ocellated turkey is wild turkey of Central America and northern South America, also known as a Agriocharis ocellata. 

A hoatzin is crested ill-smelling South American bird whose young have claws on the first and second digits of the wings, also known as a hoactzin, a stinkbird, or a Opisthocomus hoazin. 

A jungle fowl is small Asiatic wild bird; believed to be ancestral to domestic fowl, also known as a gallina. A jungle fowl is either a jungle hen, a red jungle fowl, or a jungle cock. 

A jungle hen is female jungle fowl. 

A red jungle fowl is a jungle fowl of southeastern Asia that is considered ancestral to the domestic fowl, also known as a Gallus gallus. 

A jungle cock is male jungle fowl. 

A megapode is large-footed short-winged birds of Australasia; build mounds of decaying vegetation to incubate eggs, also known as a mound bird, a mound-bird, a mound builder, or a scrub fowl. A megapode is either a brush turkey, a mallee fowl, or a maleo. 

A brush turkey is black megapode of wooded regions of Australia and New Guinea, also known as a Alectura lathami. 

A mallee fowl is Australian mound bird; incubates eggs naturally in sandy mounds, also known as a leipoa, a lowan, or a Leipoa ocellata. A mallee fowl can, more specifically, be a mallee hen. 

A mallee hen is adult female mallee fowl. 

A maleo is Celebes megapode that lays eggs in holes in sandy beaches, also known as a Macrocephalon maleo. 

A curassow is large crested arboreal game bird of warm parts of the Americas having long legs and tails; highly esteemed as game and food. 

A guan is any of several large turkey-like game birds of the family Cracidae; native to jungles of tropical America; resembling the curassows and valued as food. A guan can, more specifically, be a piping guan. 

A piping guan is a kind of guan. 

A chachalaca is slender arboreal guan resembling a wild turkey; native to Central America and Mexico; highly regarded as game birds. A chachalaca can, more specifically, be a Texas chachalaca. 

A Texas chachalaca is of Mexico and Texas, also known as a Ortilis vetula macalli. 

A game bird is any bird (as grouse or pheasant) that is hunted for sport. A game bird is either a tinamou, a grouse, or a phasianid. 

A tinamou is heavy-bodied small-winged South American game bird resembling a gallinaceous bird but related to the ratite birds, also known as a partridge. 

A grouse is popular game bird having a plump body and feathered legs and feet. A grouse is either a spruce grouse, a sharp-tailed grouse, a black grouse, a ptarmigan, a ruffed grouse, a sage grouse, a capercaillie, or a prairie chicken. 

A spruce grouse is North American grouse that feeds on evergreen buds and needles, also known as a Canachites canadensis. 

A sharp-tailed grouse is large grouse of prairies and open forests of western North America, also known as a sprigtail, a sprig tail, or a Pedioecetes phasianellus. 

A black grouse is grouse of which the male is bluish-black. A black grouse is either a Asian black grouse, a blackcock, a European black grouse, or a greyhen. 

A Asian black grouse is a black grouse of western Asia, also known as a Lyrurus mlokosiewiczi. 

A blackcock is male black grouse, also known as a black cock. 

A European black grouse is large northern European grouse that is black with a lyre-shaped tail, also known as a heathfowl, or a Lyrurus tetrix. 

A greyhen is female black grouse, also known as a grayhen, a grey hen, a gray hen, or a heath hen. 

A ptarmigan is large Arctic and subarctic grouse with feathered feet and usually white winter plumage. A ptarmigan can, more specifically, be a red grouse. 

A red grouse is reddish-brown grouse of upland moors of Great Britain, also known as a moorfowl, a moorbird, a moor-bird, a moorgame, or a Lagopus scoticus. A red grouse is either a moorcock, or a moorhen. 

A moorcock is male red grouse. 

A moorhen is female red grouse. 

A ruffed grouse is valued as a game bird in eastern United States and Canada, also known as a partridge, or a Bonasa umbellus. 

A sage grouse is large grouse of sagebrush regions of North America, also known as a sage hen, or a Centrocercus urophasianus. 

A capercaillie is large black Old World grouse, also known as a capercailzie, a horse of the wood, or a Tetrao urogallus. 

A prairie chicken is brown mottled North American grouse of western prairies, also known as a prairie grouse, or a prairie fowl. A prairie chicken is either a heath hen, a lesser prairie chicken, or a greater prairie chicken. 

A heath hen is extinct prairie chicken, also known as a Tympanuchus cupido cupido. 

A lesser prairie chicken is a smaller prairie chicken of western Texas, also known as a Tympanuchus pallidicinctus. 

A greater prairie chicken is the most common variety of prairie chicken, also known as a Tympanuchus cupido. 

A phasianid is a kind of game bird in the family Phasianidae. A phasianid is either a pheasant, a partridge, or a quail. 

A pheasant is large long-tailed gallinaceous bird native to the Old World but introduced elsewhere. A pheasant is either a peafowl, a ring-necked pheasant, an afropavo, a golden pheasant, an argus, a tragopan, or a monal. 

A peafowl is very large terrestrial southeast Asian pheasant often raised as an ornamental bird, also known as a bird of Juno. A peafowl is either a blue peafowl, a green peafowl, a peachick, a peacock, or a peahen. 

A blue peafowl is peafowl of India and Ceylon, also known as a Pavo cristatus. 

A green peafowl is peafowl of southeast Asia, also known as a Pavo muticus. 

A peachick is a young peafowl, also known as a pea-chick. 

A peacock is male peafowl; having a crested head and very large fanlike tail marked with iridescent eyes or spots. 

A peahen is female peafowl. 

A ring-necked pheasant is common pheasant having bright plumage and a white neck ring, also known as a Phasianus colchicus. 

An afropavo is both sexes are brightly colored, also known as a Congo peafowl, or a Afropavo congensis. 

A golden pheasant is brightly colored crested pheasant of mountains of western and central Asia, also known as a Chrysolophus pictus. 

An argus is large brilliantly patterned East Indian pheasant, also known as an argus pheasant. 

A tragopan is brilliantly colored Asian pheasant having wattles and two fleshy processes on the head. 

A monal is brilliantly colored pheasant of southern Asia, also known as a monaul. 

A partridge is small Old World gallinaceous game birds. A partridge is either a Hungarian partridge, a red-legged partridge, a mountain quail, or a Greek partridge. 

A Hungarian partridge is common European partridge, also known as a grey partridge, a gray partridge, or a Perdix perdix. 

A red-legged partridge is common western European partridge with red legs, also known as a Alectoris ruffa. 

A mountain quail is California partridge; slightly larger than the California quail, also known as a mountain partridge, or a Oreortyx picta palmeri. 

A Greek partridge is of mountainous areas of southern Europe, also known as a rock partridge, or a Alectoris graeca. 

A quail is small gallinaceous game birds. A quail is either a bobwhite, a California quail, or a Old World quail. 

A bobwhite is a popular North American game bird; named for its call, also known as a bobwhite quail, or a partridge. A bobwhite can, more specifically, be a northern bobwhite. 

A northern bobwhite is a favorite game bird of eastern and central United States, also known as a Colinus virginianus. 

A California quail is plump chunky bird of coastal California and Oregon, also known as a Lofortyx californicus. 

A Old World quail is small game bird with a rounded body and small tail. A Old World quail can, more specifically, be a migratory quail. 

A migratory quail is the typical Old World quail, also known as a Coturnix coturnix, or a Coturnix communis. 

A columbiform bird is a cosmopolitan order of land birds having small heads and short legs with four unwebbed toes. A columbiform bird is either a dodo, a solitaire, a pigeon, or a sandgrouse. 

A dodo is extinct heavy flightless bird of Mauritius related to pigeons, also known as a Raphus cucullatus. 

A solitaire is extinct flightless bird related to the dodo, also known as a Pezophaps solitaria. 

A pigeon is wild and domesticated birds having a heavy body and short legs. A pigeon is either a pouter pigeon, a rock dove, a band-tailed pigeon, a domestic pigeon, a squab, a wood pigeon, a passenger pigeon, or a dove. 

A pouter pigeon is one of a breed of pigeon that enlarge their crop until their breast is puffed out, also known as a pouter. 

A rock dove is pale grey Eurasian pigeon having black-striped wings from which most domestic species are descended, also known as a rock pigeon, or a Columba livia. 

A band-tailed pigeon is wild pigeon of western North America; often mistaken for the now extinct passenger pigeon, also known as a band-tail pigeon, a bandtail, or a Columba fasciata. 

A domestic pigeon is domesticated pigeon raised for sport or food. A domestic pigeon is either a fairy swallow, a roller, or a homing pigeon. 

A fairy swallow is fancy domestic pigeon having blue-and-white plumage and heavily muffed feet. 

A roller is pigeon that executes backward somersaults in flight or on the ground, also known as a tumbler, or a tumbler pigeon. 

A homing pigeon is pigeon trained to return home, also known as a homer. A homing pigeon can, more specifically, be a carrier pigeon. 

A carrier pigeon is a homing pigeon used to carry messages. 

A squab is an unfledged pigeon. 

A wood pigeon is Eurasian pigeon with white patches on wings and neck, also known as a ringdove, a cushat, or a Columba palumbus. 

A passenger pigeon is gregarious North American migratory pigeon now extinct, also known as a Ectopistes migratorius. 

A dove is any of numerous small pigeons. A dove is either a Australian turtledove, a mourning dove, or a turtledove. 

A Australian turtledove is small Australian dove, also known as a turtledove, or a Stictopelia cuneata. 

A mourning dove is wild dove of the United States having a mournful call, also known as a Zenaidura macroura. 

A turtledove is any of several Old World wild doves. A turtledove is either a Streptopelia turtur, or a ringdove. 

A Streptopelia turtur is the common European wild dove noted for its plaintive cooing. 

A ringdove is greyish Old World turtledove with a black band around the neck; often caged, also known as a Streptopelia risoria. 

A sandgrouse is pigeon-like bird of arid regions of the Old World having long pointed wings and tail and precocial downy young, also known as a sand grouse. A sandgrouse is either a pin-tailed sandgrouse, a pallas's sandgrouse, or a painted sandgrouse. 

A pin-tailed sandgrouse is sandgrouse of Europe and Africa having elongated middle tail feathers, also known as a pin-tailed grouse, or a Pterocles alchata. 

A pallas's sandgrouse is Eurasiatic sandgrouse with a black patch on the belly, also known as a Syrrhaptes paradoxus. 

A painted sandgrouse is sandgrouse of India, also known as a Pterocles indicus. 

A hen is adult female bird. 

A caprimulgiform bird is long-winged nonpasserine birds. A caprimulgiform bird is either a goatsucker, an oilbird, or a frogmouth. 

A goatsucker is mainly crepuscular or nocturnal nonpasserine birds with mottled greyish-brown plumage and large eyes; feed on insects, also known as a nightjar, or a caprimulgid. A goatsucker is either a chuck-will's-widow, a poorwill, a nighthawk, a whippoorwill, or a European goatsucker. 

A chuck-will's-widow is large whippoorwill-like bird of the southern United States, also known as a Caprimulgus carolinensis. 

A poorwill is goatsucker of western North America, also known as a Phalaenoptilus nuttallii. 

A nighthawk is mainly nocturnal North American goatsucker, also known as a bullbat, or a mosquito hawk. 

A whippoorwill is American nocturnal goatsucker with grey-and-white plumage, also known as a Caprimulgus vociferus. 

A European goatsucker is Old World goatsucker, also known as a European nightjar, or a Caprimulgus europaeus. 

An oilbird is nocturnal fruit-eating bird of South America that has fatty young yielding an oil that is used instead of butter, also known as a guacharo, or a Steatornis caripensis. 

A frogmouth is insectivorous bird of Australia and southeastern Asia having a wide frog-like mouth. 

A twitterer is a bird that twitters. 

An amphibian is cold-blooded vertebrate typically living on land but breeding in water; aquatic larvae undergo metamorphosis into adult form. An amphibian is either a urodele, a frog, a salamander, a Ichyostega, a Hynerpeton bassetti, a caecilian, or a labyrinthodont. 

A urodele is amphibians that resemble lizards, also known as a caudate. 

A frog is any of various tailless stout-bodied amphibians with long hind limbs for leaping; semiaquatic and terrestrial species, also known as a toad, a toad frog, an anuran, a batrachian, or a salientian. A frog is either a fire-bellied toad, a tongueless frog, a crapaud, a robber frog, a western narrow-mouthed toad, a midwife toad, a tree frog, a leptodactylid frog, an obstetrical toad, an eastern narrow-mouthed toad, a spadefoot, a tailed frog, a barking frog, a true frog, a sheep frog, a true toad, a South American poison toad, a Liopelma hamiltoni, or a tree toad. 

A fire-bellied toad is toad of central and eastern Europe having red or orange patches mixed with black on its underside, also known as a Bombina bombina. 

A tongueless frog is almost completely aquatic frog native to Africa and Panama and northern South America. A tongueless frog is either a Surinam toad, or a African clawed frog. 

A Surinam toad is a South American toad; incubates its young in pits in the skin of its back, also known as a Pipa pipa, or a Pipa americana. 

A African clawed frog is a tongueless frog native to Africa; established in the United States as result of release of laboratory and aquarium animals, also known as a Xenopus laevis. 

A crapaud is large toothed frog of South America and Central America resembling the bullfrog, also known as a South American bullfrog, or a Leptodactylus pentadactylus. 

A robber frog is small terrestrial frog of tropical America. 

A western narrow-mouthed toad is small secretive toad with smooth tough skin of central and western North America, also known as a Gastrophryne olivacea. 

A midwife toad is similar in habit to Alytes obstetricians, also known as a Alytes cisternasi. 

A tree frog is any of various Old World arboreal frogs distinguished from true frogs by adhesive suckers on the toes, also known as a tree-frog. 

A leptodactylid frog is toothed frogs: terrestrial or aquatic or arboreal, also known as a leptodactylid. 

An obstetrical toad is European toad whose male carries the fertilized eggs wrapped around its hind legs until they hatch, also known as a midwife toad, or a Alytes obstetricans. 

An eastern narrow-mouthed toad is small toad of southeastern United States, also known as a Gastrophryne carolinensis. 

A spadefoot is a burrowing toad of the northern hemisphere with a horny spade-like projection on each hind foot, also known as a spadefoot toad. A spadefoot is either a western spadefoot, a southern spadefoot, or a plains spadefoot. 

A western spadefoot is this spadefoot toad live in California, also known as a Scaphiopus hammondii. 

A southern spadefoot is this spadefoot toad lives in the southwestern United States, also known as a Scaphiopus multiplicatus. 

A plains spadefoot is this spadefoot toad lives in plains and hills and river bottoms in areas of low rainfall east of the Rocky Mountains, also known as a Scaphiopus bombifrons. 

A tailed frog is western North American frog with a taillike copulatory organ, also known as a bell toad, a ribbed toad, a tailed toad, or a Ascaphus trui. 

A barking frog is of southwest United States and Mexico; call is like a dog's bark, also known as a robber frog, or a Hylactophryne augusti. 

A true frog is insectivorous usually semiaquatic web-footed amphibian with smooth moist skin and long hind legs, also known as a ranid. A true frog is either a wood-frog, a tarahumara frog, a grass frog, a cascades frog, a green frog, a bullfrog, a pickerel frog, a leopard frog, or a goliath frog. 

A wood-frog is wide-ranging light-brown frog of moist North American woodlands especially spruce, also known as a wood frog, or a Rana sylvatica. 

A tarahumara frog is Mexican frog found within a jump or two of water, also known as a Rana tarahumarae. 

A grass frog is a common semiterrestrial European frog, also known as a Rana temporaria. 

A cascades frog is mountain frog found near water; of United States Northwest to California, also known as a Rana cascadae. 

A green frog is similar to bullfrog; found in or near marshes and ponds; of United States and Canada, also known as a spring frog, or a Rana clamitans. 

A bullfrog is largest North American frog; highly aquatic with a deep-pitched voice, also known as a Rana catesbeiana. 

A pickerel frog is a meadow frog of eastern North America, also known as a Rana palustris. 

A leopard frog is common North American green or brownish frog having white-edged dark oval spots, also known as a spring frog, or a Rana pipiens. 

A goliath frog is largest living frog; up to a foot and weighing up to 10 lbs; Africa, also known as a Rana goliath. 

A sheep frog is mostly of Central America. 

A true toad is tailless amphibian similar to a frog but more terrestrial and having drier warty skin. A true toad is either a Yosemite toad, a European toad, a Eurasian green toad, a natterjack, a American green toad, a bufo, a southwestern toad, an agua, a Texas toad, a American toad, or a western toad. 

A Yosemite toad is of high Sierra Nevada meadows and forest borders, also known as a Bufo canorus. 

A European toad is common toad of Europe, also known as a Bufo bufo. 

A Eurasian green toad is Eurasian toad with variable chiefly green coloring, also known as a Bufo viridis. 

A natterjack is common brownish-yellow short-legged toad of western Europe; runs rather than hops, also known as a Bufo calamita. 

A American green toad is small green or yellow-green toad with small black bars and stripes, also known as a Bufo debilis. 

A bufo is any toad of the genus Bufo. 

A southwestern toad is a uniformly warty stocky toad of washes and streams of semiarid southwestern United States, also known as a Bufo microscaphus. 

An agua is largest known toad species; native to Central America; valuable destroyer of insect pests, also known as an agua toad, or a Bufo marinus. 

A Texas toad is nocturnal burrowing toad of mesquite woodland and prairies of the United States southwest, also known as a Bufo speciosus. 

A American toad is common toad of America, also known as a Bufo americanus. 

A western toad is of a great variety of habitats from southern Alaska to Baja California west of the Rockies, also known as a Bufo boreas. 

A South American poison toad is a South American toad. 

A Liopelma hamiltoni is primitive New Zealand frog with four unwebbed toes on forefeet and five on hind feet. 

A tree toad is arboreal amphibians usually having adhesive disks at the tip of each toe; of southeast Asia and Australia and America, also known as a tree frog, or a tree-frog. A tree toad is either a Pacific tree toad, a spring peeper, a chameleon tree frog, a cricket frog, a lowland burrowing treefrog, a canyon treefrog, or a chorus frog. 

A Pacific tree toad is the most commonly heard frog on the Pacific coast of America, also known as a Hyla regilla. 

A spring peeper is a small brown tree toad having a shrill call heard near wetlands of eastern United States and Canada in early spring, also known as a Hyla crucifer. 

A chameleon tree frog is a form of tree toad. 

A cricket frog is either of two frogs with a clicking call. A cricket frog is either an eastern cricket frog, or a northern cricket frog. 

An eastern cricket frog is a cricket frog of eastern United States, also known as a Acris gryllus. 

A northern cricket frog is a cricket frog of eastern and central United States, also known as a Acris crepitans. 

A lowland burrowing treefrog is terrestrial burrowing nocturnal frog of grassy terrain and scrub forests having very hard upper surface of head; of the United States southwest, also known as a northern casque-headed frog, or a Pternohyla fodiens. 

A canyon treefrog is a small chiefly ground dweller that stays within easy jumping distance of water; of United States southwest and northern Mexico, also known as a Hyla arenicolor. 

A chorus frog is any of several small North American frogs having a loud call. 

A salamander is any of various typically terrestrial amphibians that resemble lizards and that return to water only to breed. A salamander is either a newt, a European fire salamander, a siren, an olympic salamander, a climbing salamander, an amphiuma, a hellbender, a giant salamander, an eastern red-backed salamander, a lungless salamander, a spotted salamander, a slender salamander, a web-toed salamander, a dusky salamander, a Pacific giant salamander, a dicamptodon, an alpine salamander, an olm, a western red-backed salamander, an ambystomid, or a mud puppy. 

A newt is small usually bright-colored semiaquatic salamanders of North America and Europe and northern Asia, also known as a triton. A newt is either a common newt, a red eft, a Pacific newt, or an eft. 

A common newt is small semiaquatic salamander, also known as a Triturus vulgaris. 

A red eft is red terrestrial form of a common North American newt, also known as a Notophthalmus viridescens. 

A Pacific newt is any of several rough-skinned newts found in western North America. A Pacific newt is either a California newt, or a rough-skinned newt. 

A California newt is newt that is similar to Taricha granulosa in characteristics and habitat, also known as a Taricha torosa. 

A rough-skinned newt is newt of humid coast from Alaska to southern California, also known as a Taricha granulosa. 

An eft is a newt in its terrestrial stage of development. 

A European fire salamander is a kind of European salamander, also known as a Salamandra salamandra. 

A siren is eellike aquatic North American salamander with small forelimbs and no hind limbs; have permanent external gills. 

An olympic salamander is small large-eyed semiaquatic salamander of the United States Northwest, also known as a Rhyacotriton olympicus. 

A climbing salamander is any of several North American salamanders adapted for climbing with well-developed limbs and long somewhat squared-off toes. A climbing salamander can, more specifically, be a arboreal salamander. 

An arboreal salamander is yellow-spotted brown salamander of California woodlands, also known as a Aneides lugubris. 

An amphiuma is aquatic eel-shaped salamander having two pairs of very small feet; of still muddy waters in the southern United States, also known as a congo snake, a congo eel, or a blind eel. 

A hellbender is large salamander of North American rivers and streams, also known as a mud puppy, or a Cryptobranchus alleganiensis. 

A giant salamander is large (up to more than three feet) edible salamander of Asia, also known as a Megalobatrachus maximus. 

An eastern red-backed salamander is common salamander of eastern North America, also known as a Plethodon cinereus. 

A lungless salamander is mostly terrestrial salamanders that breathe through their thin moist skin; lay eggs in moist places on land; rarely enter water, also known as a plethodont. 

A spotted salamander is European salamander having dark skin with usually yellow spots, also known as a fire salamander, or a Salamandra maculosa. 

A slender salamander is any of several small slim salamanders of the Pacific coast of the United States, also known as a worm salamander. 

A web-toed salamander is any of several salamanders with webbed toes and very long extensile tongues; excellent climbers that move with ease over smooth rock surfaces. A web-toed salamander is either a Shasta salamander, or a limestone salamander. 

A Shasta salamander is primarily a cave dweller in the Mount Shasta area, also known as a Hydromantes shastae. 

A limestone salamander is similar to Shasta salamander; lives in cliff crevices and taluses, also known as a Hydromantes brunus. 

A dusky salamander is common North American salamander mottled with dull brown or greyish-black. 

A Pacific giant salamander is large (to 7 inches) salamander of western North America, also known as a Dicamptodon ensatus. 

A dicamptodon is salamanders found near cold streams throughout the year, also known as a dicamptodontid. 

An alpine salamander is ovoviviparous amphibian of the Alps, also known as a Salamandra atra. 

An olm is European aquatic salamander with permanent external gills that lives in caves, also known as a Proteus anguinus. 

A western red-backed salamander is salamander of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a Plethodon vehiculum. 

An ambystomid is small to moderate-sized terrestrial or semiaquatic New World salamander, also known as an ambystomid salamander. An ambystomid is either a mole salamander, an axolotl, a waterdog, a spotted salamander, or a tiger salamander. 

A mole salamander is brownish-black burrowing salamander of southeastern United States, also known as a Ambystoma talpoideum. 

An axolotl is larval salamander of mountain lakes of Mexico that usually lives without metamorphosing, also known as a mud puppy, or a Ambystoma mexicanum. 

A waterdog is any of several large aquatic salamanders. 

A spotted salamander is glossy black North American salamander with yellow spots, also known as a Ambystoma maculatum. 

A tiger salamander is widely distributed brown or black North American salamander with vertical yellowish blotches, also known as a Ambystoma tigrinum. 

A mud puppy is aquatic North American salamander with red feathery external gills, also known as a Necturus maculosus. 

A Ichyostega is early tetrapod amphibian found in Greenland. 

A Hynerpeton bassetti is fossil amphibian of the Devonian having well-developed forelimbs; found in Pennsylvania. 

A caecilian is any of the small slender limbless burrowing wormlike amphibians of the order Gymnophiona; inhabit moist soil in tropical regions, also known as a blindworm. 

A labyrinthodont is an amphibian of the superorder Labyrinthodontia. 

A Amniota is higher vertebrates (reptiles, birds and mammals) possessing an amnion during development. 

A tetrapod is a vertebrate animal having four feet or legs or leglike appendages. A tetrapod can, more specifically, be a quadruped. 

A quadruped is an animal especially a mammal having four limbs specialized for walking. 

A mammal is any warm-blooded vertebrate having the skin more or less covered with hair; young are born alive except for the small subclass of monotremes and nourished with milk, also known as a mammalian. A mammal is either a prototherian, a metatherian, a female mammal, a tusker, a placental, or a fossorial mammal. 

A prototherian is primitive oviparous mammals found only in Australia and Tasmania and New Guinea. A prototherian can, more specifically, be a monotreme. 

A monotreme is the most primitive mammals comprising the only extant members of the subclass Prototheria, also known as an egg-laying mammal. A monotreme is either an echidna, a platypus, or an echidna. 

An echidna is a burrowing monotreme mammal covered with spines and having a long snout and claws for hunting ants and termites; native to New Guinea, also known as a spiny anteater, or an anteater. 

A platypus is small densely furred aquatic monotreme of Australia and Tasmania having a broad bill and tail and webbed feet; only species in the family Ornithorhynchidae, also known as a duckbill, a duckbilled platypus, a duck-billed platypus, or a Ornithorhynchus anatinus. 

An echidna is a burrowing monotreme mammal covered with spines and having a long snout and claws for hunting ants and termites; native to Australia, also known as a spiny anteater, or an anteater. 

A metatherian is primitive pouched mammals found mainly in Australia and the Americas. A metatherian can, more specifically, be a marsupial. 

A marsupial is mammals of which the females have a pouch (the marsupium) containing the teats where the young are fed and carried, also known as a pouched mammal. A marsupial is either an opossum rat, a dasyurid marsupial, a wombat, a bandicoot, a pouched mole, a phalanger, a kangaroo, or an opossum. 

An opossum rat is terrestrial marsupials of southern South America that resemble shrews. 

A dasyurid marsupial is small carnivorous nocturnal marsupials of Australia and Tasmania, also known as a dasyurid. A dasyurid marsupial is either a thylacine, a pouched mouse, a dasyure, a numbat, or a Tasmanian devil. 

A thylacine is rare doglike carnivorous marsupial of Tasmania having stripes on its back; probably extinct, also known as a Tasmanian wolf, a Tasmanian tiger, or a Thylacinus cynocephalus. 

A pouched mouse is any of numerous small sharp-nosed insectivorous marsupials superficially resembling mice or rats, also known as a marsupial mouse, or a marsupial rat. 

A dasyure is any of several more or less arboreal marsupials somewhat resembling martens. A dasyure is either a native cat, or an eastern dasyure. 

A native cat is carnivorous arboreal cat-like marsupials of Australia and Tasmania, also known as a Dasyurus viverrinus. 

An eastern dasyure is a variety of dasyure, also known as a Dasyurus quoll. 

A numbat is small Australian marsupial having long snout and strong claws for feeding on termites; nearly extinct, also known as a banded anteater, an anteater, or a Myrmecobius fasciatus. 

A Tasmanian devil is small ferocious carnivorous marsupial having a mostly black coat and long tail, also known as an ursine dasyure, or a Sarcophilus hariisi. 

A wombat is burrowing herbivorous Australian marsupials about the size of a badger. 

A bandicoot is any of various agile ratlike terrestrial marsupials of Australia and adjacent islands; insectivorous and herbivorous. A bandicoot can, more specifically, be a rabbit-eared bandicoot. 

A rabbit-eared bandicoot is bandicoot with leathery ears like a rabbit, also known as a rabbit bandicoot, a bilby, or a Macrotis lagotis. 

A pouched mole is small burrowing Australian marsupial that resembles a mole, also known as a marsupial mole, or a Notoryctus typhlops. 

A phalanger is small furry Australian arboreal marsupials having long usually prehensile tails, also known as an opossum, or a possum. A phalanger is either a cuscus, a flying phalanger, a koala, or a brush-tailed phalanger. 

A cuscus is woolly-haired monkey-like arboreal marsupial of New Guinea and northern Australia. 

A flying phalanger is nocturnal phalangers that move with gliding leaps using parachute-like folds of skin along the sides of the body, also known as a flying opossum, or a flying squirrel. A flying phalanger can, more specifically, be a flying mouse. 

A flying mouse is tiny flying phalanger. 

A koala is sluggish tailless Australian arboreal marsupial with grey furry ears and coat; feeds on eucalyptus leaves and bark, also known as a koala bear, a kangaroo bear, a native bear, or a Phascolarctos cinereus. 

A brush-tailed phalanger is bushy-tailed phalanger, also known as a Trichosurus vulpecula. 

A kangaroo is any of several herbivorous leaping marsupials of Australia and New Guinea having large powerful hind legs and a long thick tail. A kangaroo is either a wallaby, a giant kangaroo, a musk kangaroo, or a rat kangaroo. 

A wallaby is any of various small or medium-sized kangaroos; often brightly colored, also known as a brush kangaroo. A wallaby is either a common wallaby, a tree wallaby, a hare wallaby, a rock wallaby, a nail-tailed wallaby, or a pademelon. 

A common wallaby is a small wallaby having a height of 30 inches, also known as a Macropus agiles. 

A tree wallaby is arboreal wallabies of New Guinea and northern Australia having hind and forelegs of similar length, also known as a tree kangaroo. 

A hare wallaby is small Australian wallaby that resembles a hare and has persistent teeth, also known as a kangaroo hare. 

A rock wallaby is slender long-legged Australian wallabies living in caves and rocky areas, also known as a rock kangaroo. 

A nail-tailed wallaby is small wallabies with a horny nail on the tip of the tail, also known as a nail-tailed kangaroo. 

A pademelon is small reddish-brown wallabies of scrubby areas of Australia and New Guinea, also known as a paddymelon. 

A giant kangaroo is very large greyish-brown Australian kangaroo formerly abundant in open wooded areas, also known as a great grey kangaroo, or a Macropus giganteus. 

A musk kangaroo is small kangaroo of northeastern Australia, also known as a Hypsiprymnodon moschatus. 

A rat kangaroo is any of several rabbit-sized ratlike Australian kangaroos, also known as a kangaroo rat. A rat kangaroo is either a bettong, a jerboa kangaroo, or a potoroo. 

A bettong is short-nosed rat kangaroo. 

A jerboa kangaroo is brush-tailed rat kangaroo, also known as a kangaroo jerboa. 

A potoroo is Australian rat kangaroos. 

An opossum is nocturnal arboreal marsupial having a naked prehensile tail found from southern North America to northern South America, also known as a possum. An opossum is either a crab-eating opossum, or a common opossum. 

A crab-eating opossum is South American opossum. 

A common opossum is omnivorous opossum of the eastern United States; noted for feigning death when in danger; esteemed as food in some areas; considered same species as the crab-eating opossum of South America, also known as a Didelphis virginiana, or a Didelphis marsupialis. 

A female mammal is animals that nourish their young with milk. 

A tusker is any mammal with prominent tusks (especially an elephant or wild boar). 

A placental is mammals having a placenta; all mammals except monotremes and marsupials, also known as a placental mammal, a eutherian, or a eutherian mammal. A placental is either a digitigrade mammal, an ungulate, a yearling, a lagomorph, a bat, an aardvark, a proboscidean, a carnivore, a tree shrew, an aquatic mammal, a cow, a bull, an insectivore, a Fissipedia, a flying lemur, a rodent, a pachyderm, a pangolin, a hyrax, an unguiculate, a doe, a plantigrade mammal, a Unguiculata, an edentate, a Ungulata, a buck, a livestock, or a primate. 

A digitigrade mammal is an animal that walks so that only the toes touch the ground as e.g. dogs and cats and horses, also known as a digitigrade. 

An ungulate is any of a number of mammals with hooves that are superficially similar but not necessarily closely related taxonomically, also known as a hoofed mammal. An ungulate is either a dinocerate, an even-toed ungulate, or an odd-toed ungulate. 

A dinocerate is an extinct ungulate. A dinocerate can, more specifically, be a dinoceras. 

A dinoceras is a variety of dinocerate, also known as an uintathere. 

An even-toed ungulate is placental mammal having hooves with an even number of functional toes on each foot, also known as an artiodactyl, or an artiodactyl mammal. An even-toed ungulate is either a swine, a ruminant, a hippopotamus, a vicuna, a camel, a peccary, or a llama. 

A swine is stout-bodied short-legged omnivorous animals. A swine is either a sow, a babirusa, a wild boar, a razorback, a warthog, a hog, or a boar. 

A sow is an adult female hog. 

A babirusa is Indonesian wild pig with enormous curved canine teeth, also known as a babiroussa, a babirussa, or a Babyrousa Babyrussa. 

A wild boar is Old World wild swine having a narrow body and prominent tusks from which most domestic swine come; introduced in United States, also known as a boar, or a Sus scrofa. 

A razorback is a mongrel hog with a thin body and long legs and a ridged back; a wild or semi-wild descendant of improved breeds; found chiefly in the southeastern United States, also known as a razorback hog, or a razorbacked hog. 

A warthog is African wild swine with warty protuberances on the face and large protruding tusks. 

A hog is domestic swine, also known as a pig, a grunter, a squealer, or a Sus scrofa. A hog can, more specifically, be a porker. 

A porker is a pig fattened to provide meat. 

A boar is an uncastrated male hog. 

A ruminant is any of various cud-chewing hoofed mammals having a stomach divided into four (occasionally three) compartments. A ruminant is either a chevrotain, a giraffe, a pollard, a deer, a bovid, or a pronghorn. 

A chevrotain is very small hornless deer-like ruminant of tropical Asia and west Africa, also known as a mouse deer. A chevrotain is either a water chevrotain, a kanchil, or a napu. 

A water chevrotain is largest chevrotain; of marshy areas of west Africa, also known as a water deer, or a Hyemoschus aquaticus. 

A kanchil is small chevrotain of southeastern Asia, also known as a Tragulus kanchil. 

A napu is chevrotain somewhat larger than the kanchil; found in India and Malaya, also known as a Tragulus Javanicus. 

A giraffe is tallest living quadruped; having a spotted coat and small horns and very long neck and legs; of savannahs of tropical Africa, also known as a camelopard, or a Giraffa camelopardalis. A giraffe can, more specifically, be a okapi. 

An okapi is similar to the giraffe but smaller with much shorter neck and stripe on the legs, also known as a Okapia johnstoni. 

A pollard is a usually horned animal that has either shed its horns or had them removed. 

A deer is distinguished from Bovidae by the male's having solid deciduous antlers, also known as a cervid. A deer is either a sambar, a brocket, an elk, a Virginia deer, a mule deer, a roe deer, a pricket, a fallow deer, a pere david's deer, a Japanese deer, a muntjac, a red deer, a wapiti, a fawn, a caribou, or a musk deer. 

A sambar is a deer of southern Asia with antlers that have three tines, also known as a sambur, or a Cervus unicolor. 

A brocket is small South American deer with unbranched antlers. 

An elk is large northern deer with enormous flattened antlers in the male; called `elk' in Europe and `moose' in North America, also known as a European elk, a moose, or a Alces alces. 

A Virginia deer is common North American deer; tail has a white underside, also known as a white tail, a whitetail, a white-tailed deer, a whitetail deer, or a Odocoileus Virginianus. 

A mule deer is long-eared deer of western North America with two-pronged antlers, also known as a burro deer, or a Odocoileus hemionus. A mule deer can, more specifically, be a black-tailed deer. 

A black-tailed deer is mule deer of western Rocky Mountains, also known as a blacktail deer, a blacktail, or a Odocoileus hemionus columbianus. 

A roe deer is small graceful deer of Eurasian woodlands having small forked antlers, also known as a Capreolus capreolus. A roe deer can, more specifically, be a roebuck. 

A roebuck is male roe deer. 

A pricket is male deer in his second year. 

A fallow deer is small Eurasian deer, also known as a Dama dama. 

A pere david's deer is large Chinese deer surviving only in domesticated herds, also known as an elaphure, or a Elaphurus davidianus. 

A Japanese deer is small deer of Japan with slightly forked antlers, also known as a sika, a Cervus nipon, or a Cervus sika. 

A muntjac is small Asian deer with small antlers and a cry like a bark, also known as a barking deer. 

A red deer is common deer of temperate Europe and Asia, also known as an elk, a American elk, a wapiti, or a Cervus elaphus. A red deer is either a brocket, a hind, or a hart. 

A brocket is male red deer in its second year. 

A hind is a female deer, especially an adult female red deer. 

A hart is a male deer, especially an adult male red deer, also known as a stag. 

A wapiti is large North American deer with large much-branched antlers in the male, also known as an elk, a American elk, or a Cervus elaphus canadensis. 

A fawn is a young deer. 

A caribou is Arctic deer with large antlers in both sexes; called `reindeer' in Eurasia and `caribou' in North America, also known as a reindeer, a Greenland caribou, or a Rangifer tarandus. A caribou is either a woodland caribou, or a barren ground caribou. 

A woodland caribou is any of several large caribou living in coniferous forests of southern Canada; in some classifications included in the species Rangifer tarandus, also known as a Rangifer caribou. 

A barren ground caribou is of tundra of northern Canada; in some classifications included in the species Rangifer tarandus, also known as a Rangifer arcticus. 

A musk deer is small heavy-limbed upland deer of central Asia; male secretes valued musk, also known as a Moschus moschiferus. 

A bovid is hollow-horned ruminants. A bovid is either a bison, a Old World buffalo, a sheep, an antelope, a forest goat, a musk ox, a goat, a wild sheep, a goat antelope, or a bovine. 

A bison is any of several large humped bovids having shaggy manes and large heads and short horns. A bison is either a wisent, or a American bison. 

A wisent is European bison having a smaller and higher head than the North American bison, also known as an aurochs, or a Bison bonasus. 

A American bison is large shaggy-haired brown bison of North American plains, also known as a American buffalo, a buffalo, or a Bison bison. 

A Old World buffalo is any of several Old World animals resembling oxen including, e.g., water buffalo; Cape buffalo, also known as a buffalo. A Old World buffalo is either a Cape buffalo, an anoa, a water buffalo, or a tamarau. 

A Cape buffalo is large often savage buffalo of southern Africa having upward-curving horns; mostly in game reserves, also known as a Synercus caffer. 

An anoa is small buffalo of the Celebes having small straight horns, also known as a dwarf buffalo, or a Anoa depressicornis. 

A water buffalo is an Asian buffalo that is often domesticated for use as a draft animal, also known as a water ox, a Asiatic buffalo, or a Bubalus bubalis. A water buffalo is either a Indian buffalo, or a carabao. 

A Indian buffalo is upland buffalo of eastern Asia where true water buffaloes do not thrive; used for draft and milk. 

A carabao is water buffalo of the Philippines. 

A tamarau is small buffalo of Mindoro in the Philippines, also known as a tamarao, a Bubalus mindorensis, or a Anoa mindorensis. 

A sheep is woolly usually horned ruminant mammal related to the goat. A sheep is either a black sheep, a domestic sheep, a ram, a ewe, or a wether. 

A black sheep is sheep with a black coat. 

A domestic sheep is any of various breeds raised for wool or edible meat or skin, also known as a Ovis aries. A domestic sheep is either a Cotswold, a broadtail, a Hampshire, a Lincoln, a Exmoor, a Rambouillet, a longwool, a Cheviot, or a merino. 

A Cotswold is sheep with long wool originating in the Cotswold Hills. 

A broadtail is hardy coarse-haired sheep of central Asia; lambs are valued for their soft curly black fur, also known as a caracul, or a karakul. 

A Hampshire is British breed of hornless dark-faced domestic sheep, also known as a Hampshire down. 

A Lincoln is long-wooled mutton sheep originally from Lincolnshire. 

A Exmoor is horned sheep of Devon; valued for mutton. 

A Rambouillet is hardy sheep developed from the merino producing both good mutton and fine wool. 

A longwool is a domestic long-wool sheep. 

A Cheviot is hardy hornless sheep of the Cheviot Hills noted for its short thick wool. 

A merino is white sheep originating in Spain and producing a heavy fleece of exceptional quality, also known as a merino sheep. 

A ram is uncastrated adult male sheep, also known as a tup. 

A ewe is female sheep. 

A wether is male sheep especially a castrated one. A wether can, more specifically, be a bellwether. 

A bellwether is sheep that leads the herd often wearing a bell. 

An antelope is graceful Old World ruminant with long legs and horns directed upward and backward; includes gazelles; springboks; impalas; addax; gerenuks; blackbucks; dik-diks. An antelope is either a waterbuck, a nilgai, an eland, a harnessed antelope, a sassaby, a puku, a saiga, a mountain nyala, a bongo, a dik-dik, a sable antelope, an oryx, a gerenuk, an impala, a blackbuck, a gnu, a gazelle, a steenbok, an addax, a hartebeest, or a kudu. 

A waterbuck is any of several large African antelopes of the genus Kobus having curved ridged horns and frequenting e.g. swamps and rivers. A waterbuck is either a kob, or a lechwe. 

A kob is an orange-brown antelope of southeast Africa, also known as a Kobus kob. 

A lechwe is tawny-colored African antelope inhabiting wet grassy plains; a threatened species, also known as a Kobus leche. 

A nilgai is large Indian antelope; male is blue-grey with white markings; female is brownish with no horns, also known as a nylghai, a nylghau, a blue bull, or a Boselaphus tragocamelus. 

An eland is either of two large African antelopes of the genus Taurotragus having short spirally twisted horns in both sexes. An eland is either a common eland, or a giant eland. 

A common eland is dark fawn-colored eland of southern and eastern Africa, also known as a Taurotragus oryx. 

A giant eland is large dark striped eland of western equatorial Africa, also known as a Taurotragus derbianus. 

A harnessed antelope is any of several antelopes of the genus Tragelaphus having striped markings resembling a harness. A harnessed antelope is either a bushbuck, or a nyala. 

A bushbuck is antelope with white markings like a harness and twisted horns, also known as a guib, or a Tragelaphus scriptus. 

A nyala is spiral-horned South African antelope with a fringe of white hairs along back and neck, also known as a Tragelaphus angasi. 

A sassaby is a large South African antelope; considered the swiftest hoofed mammal, also known as a topi, or a Damaliscus lunatus. 

A puku is an African antelope closely related to the waterbuck, also known as a Adenota vardoni. 

A saiga is goat-like antelope of central Eurasia having a stubby nose like a proboscis, also known as a Saiga tatarica. 

A mountain nyala is shaggy antelope of mountains of Ethiopia, also known as a Tragelaphus buxtoni. 

A bongo is large forest antelope of central Africa having a reddish-brown coat with white stripes and spiral horns, also known as a Tragelaphus eurycerus, or a Boocercus eurycerus. 

A dik-dik is any of several small antelopes of eastern Africa of the genus Madoqua; the size of a large rabbit. 

A sable antelope is large black East African antelope with sharp backward-curving horns, also known as a Hippotragus niger. 

An oryx is large African antelope with long straight nearly upright horns, also known as a pasang. An oryx can, more specifically, be a gemsbok. 

A gemsbok is large South African oryx with a broad black band along its flanks, also known as a gemsbuck, or a Oryx gazella. 

A gerenuk is slender East African antelope with slim neck and backward-curving horns, also known as a Litocranius walleri. 

An impala is African antelope with ridged curved horns; moves with enormous leaps, also known as a Aepyceros melampus. 

A blackbuck is common Indian antelope with a dark back and spiral horns, also known as a black buck, or a Antilope cervicapra. 

A gnu is large African antelope having a head with horns like an ox and a long tufted tail, also known as a wildebeest. 

A gazelle is small swift graceful antelope of Africa and Asia having lustrous eyes. A gazelle is either a springbok, a Gazella subgutturosa, or a Thomson's gazelle. 

A springbok is a South African gazelle noted for springing lightly into the air, also known as a springbuck, a Antidorcas marsupialis, or a Antidorcas euchore. 

A Gazella subgutturosa is a kind of gazelle. 

A Thomson's gazelle is East African gazelle; the smallest gazelle, also known as a Gazella thomsoni. 

A steenbok is small plains antelope of southeastern Africa, also known as a steinbok, or a Raphicerus campestris. 

An addax is large antelope with lightly spiraled horns of desert regions of northern Africa, also known as a Addax nasomaculatus. 

A hartebeest is a large African antelope with lyre-shaped horns that curve backward. 

A kudu is either of two spiral-horned antelopes of the African bush, also known as a koodoo, or a koudou. A kudu is either a greater kudu, or a lesser kudu. 

A greater kudu is a variety of kudu, also known as a Tragelaphus strepsiceros. 

A lesser kudu is a smaller variety of kudu, also known as a Tragelaphus imberbis. 

A forest goat is cow-like creature with the glossy coat of a horse and the agility of a goat and the long horns of an antelope; characterized as a cow that lives the life of a goat, also known as a spindle horn, or a Pseudoryx nghetinhensis. 

A musk ox is large shaggy-coated bovid mammal of Canada and Greenland; intermediate in size and anatomy between an ox and a sheep, also known as a musk sheep, or a Ovibos moschatus. 

A goat is any of numerous agile ruminants related to sheep but having a beard and straight horns, also known as a caprine animal. A goat is either a kid, a nanny, a domestic goat, a billy, or a wild goat. 

A kid is young goat. 

A nanny is female goat, also known as a nanny-goat, or a she-goat. 

A domestic goat is any of various breeds of goat raised for milk or meat or wool, also known as a Capra hircus. A domestic goat is either a Angora, or a Cashmere goat. 

A Angora is a domestic breed of goat raised for its long silky hair which is the true mohair, also known as a Angora goat. 

A Cashmere goat is Himalayan goat having a silky undercoat highly prized as cashmere wool, also known as a Kashmir goat. 

A billy is male goat, also known as a billy goat, or a he-goat. 

A wild goat is undomesticated goat. A wild goat is either a bezoar goat, an ibex, or a markhor. 

A bezoar goat is wild goat of Iran and adjacent regions, also known as a pasang, or a Capra aegagrus. 

An ibex is wild goat of mountain areas of Eurasia and northern Africa having large recurved horns, also known as a Capra ibex. 

A markhor is large Himalayan goat with large spiraled horns, also known as a markhoor, or a Capra falconeri. 

A wild sheep is undomesticated sheep. A wild sheep is either a Marco Polo sheep, a mountain sheep, a Dall sheep, an argali, an aoudad, or a urial. 

A Marco Polo sheep is Asiatic wild sheep with exceptionally large horns; sometimes considered a variety of the argali (or Ovis ammon), also known as a Marco Polo's sheep, or a Ovis poli. 

A mountain sheep is any wild sheep inhabiting mountainous regions. A mountain sheep is either a mouflon, or a bighorn. 

A mouflon is wild mountain sheep of Corsica and Sardinia, also known as a moufflon, or a Ovis musimon. 

A bighorn is wild sheep of mountainous regions of western North America having massive curled horns, also known as a bighorn sheep, a cimarron, a Rocky Mountain bighorn, a Rocky Mountain sheep, or a Ovis canadensis. 

A Dall sheep is large white wild sheep of northwestern Canada and Alaska, also known as a Dall's sheep, a white sheep, or a Ovis montana dalli. 

An argali is wild sheep of semidesert regions in central Asia, also known as an argal, or a Ovis ammon. 

An aoudad is wild sheep of northern Africa, also known as an arui, an audad, a Barbary sheep, a maned sheep, or a Ammotragus lervia. 

A urial is bearded reddish sheep of southern Asia, also known as a Ovis vignei. 

A goat antelope is bovid related to goats but having antelope-like features: mountain goats; gorals; serows; chamois; gnu goats. A goat antelope is either a chamois, a serow, a takin, a goral, or a mountain goat. 

A chamois is hoofed mammal of mountains of Eurasia having upright horns with backward-hooked tips, also known as a Rupicapra rupicapra. 

A serow is short-horned dark-coated goat antelope of mountain areas of southern and southeastern Asia. 

A takin is large heavily built goat antelope of eastern Himalayan area, also known as a gnu goat, or a Budorcas taxicolor. 

A goral is small goat antelope with small conical horns; of southern Asian mountains, also known as a Naemorhedus goral. 

A mountain goat is sure-footed mammal of mountainous northwestern North America, also known as a Rocky Mountain goat, or a Oreamnos americanus. 

A bovine is any of various members of the genus Bos. A bovine is either a Brahman, an ox, or a cattle. 

A Brahman is any of several breeds of Indian cattle; especially a large American heat and tick resistant greyish humped breed evolved in the Gulf States by interbreeding Indian cattle and now used chiefly for crossbreeding, also known as a Brahma, a Brahmin, or a Bos indicus. A Brahman can, more specifically, be a zebu. 

A zebu is domesticated ox having a humped back and long horns and a large dewlap; used chiefly as a draft animal in India and east Asia. 

An ox is any of various wild bovines especially of the genera Bos or closely related Bibos, also known as a wild ox. An ox is either a yak, an aurochs, a banteng, or a Asian wild ox. 

A yak is large long-haired wild ox of Tibet often domesticated, also known as a Bos grunniens. 

An aurochs is large recently extinct long-horned European wild ox; considered one of the ancestors of domestic cattle, also known as a urus, or a Bos primigenius. 

A banteng is wild ox of the Malay Archipelago, also known as a banting, a tsine, or a Bos banteng. 

A Asian wild ox is genus of Asiatic wild oxen. A Asian wild ox is either a gaur, or a gayal. 

A gaur is wild ox of mountainous areas of eastern India, also known as a Bibos gaurus. 

A gayal is ox of southeast Asia sometimes considered a domesticated breed of the gaur, also known as a mithan, or a Bibos frontalis. 

A cattle is domesticated bovine animals as a group regardless of sex or age, also known as a cows, a kine, an oxen, or a Bos taurus. A cattle is either an ox, a cow, a bullock, a dairy cattle, a red poll, a Devon, a bull, a grade, a Welsh, a Africander, a beef, or a stirk. 

An ox is an adult castrated bull of the genus Bos; especially Bos taurus. 

A cow is female of domestic cattle: "`moo-cow' is a child's term", also known as a moo-cow. A cow is either a springer, or a heifer. 

A springer is a cow about to give birth, also known as a springing cow. 

A heifer is young cow. 

A bullock is castrated bull, also known as a steer. 

A dairy cattle is cattle that are reared for their milk, also known as a dairy cow, a milch cow, a milk cow, a milcher, or a milker. A dairy cattle is either a Friesian, a Ayrshire, a Guernsey, a Jersey, a milking shorthorn, or a Brown Swiss. 

A Friesian is a breed of dairy cattle from northern Holland, also known as a Holstein, or a Holstein-Friesian. 

A Ayrshire is hardy breed of dairy cattle from Ayr, Scotland. 

A Guernsey is breed of dairy cattle from the island of Guernsey. 

A Jersey is a breed of diary cattle developed on the island of Jersey. 

A milking shorthorn is breed evolved from shorthorn beef cattle. 

A Brown Swiss is large hardy brown breed of dairy cattle from Switzerland. 

A red poll is hornless short-haired breed of beef and dairy cattle. 

A Devon is red dual-purpose cattle of English origin. 

A bull is uncastrated adult male of domestic cattle. A bull can, more specifically, be a bullock. 

A bullock is young bull. 

A grade is a variety of cattle produced by crossbreeding with a superior breed. 

A Welsh is a breed of dual-purpose cattle developed in Wales, also known as a Welsh Black. 

A Africander is tall large-horned humped cattle of South Africa; used for meat or draft. 

A beef is cattle that are reared for their meat, also known as a beef cattle. A beef is either a Galloway, a Charolais, a Hereford, a Durham, a Santa Gertrudis, a Aberdeen Angus, a cattalo, or a longhorn. 

A Galloway is breed of hardy black chiefly beef cattle native to Scotland. 

A Charolais is large white or cream-colored breed from France. 

A Hereford is hardy English breed of dairy cattle raised extensively in United States, also known as a whiteface. 

A Durham is English breed of short-horned cattle, also known as a shorthorn. 

A Santa Gertrudis is Brahman and shorthorn crossbreed of red cattle; hardy in hot regions. 

A Aberdeen Angus is black hornless breed from Scotland, also known as a Angus, or a black Angus. 

A cattalo is hardy breed of cattle resulting from crossing domestic cattle with the American buffalo; yields leaner beef than conventional breeds, also known as a beefalo. 

A longhorn is long-horned beef cattle formerly common in southwestern United States, also known as a Texas longhorn. 

A stirk is yearling heifer or bullock. 

A pronghorn is fleet antelope-like ruminant of western North American plains with small branched horns, also known as a prongbuck, a pronghorn antelope, a American antelope, or a Antilocapra americana. 

A hippopotamus is massive thick-skinned herbivorous animal living in or around rivers of tropical Africa, also known as a hippo, a river horse, or a Hippopotamus amphibius. 

A vicuna is small wild cud-chewing Andean animal similar to the guanaco but smaller; valued for its fleecy undercoat, also known as a Vicugna vicugna. 

A camel is cud-chewing mammal used as a draft or saddle animal in desert regions. A camel is either a Arabian camel, or a Bactrian camel. 

A Arabian camel is one-humped camel of the hot deserts of northern Africa and southwestern Asia, also known as a dromedary, or a Camelus dromedarius. 

A Bactrian camel is two-humped camel of the cold deserts of central Asia, also known as a Camelus bactrianus. 

A peccary is nocturnal gregarious pig-like wild animals of North America and South America, also known as a musk hog. A peccary is either a white-lipped peccary, a Chiacoan peccary, or a collared peccary. 

A white-lipped peccary is blackish peccary with whitish cheeks; larger than the collared peccary, also known as a Tayassu pecari. 

A Chiacoan peccary is a recently discovered large wild pig of Paraguay. 

A collared peccary is dark grey peccary with an indistinct white collar; of semi desert areas of Mexico and southwestern United States, also known as a javelina, a Tayassu angulatus, a Tayassu tajacu, or a Peccari angulatus. 

A llama is wild or domesticated South American cud-chewing animal related to camels but smaller and lacking a hump. A llama is either a domestic llama, a guanaco, or an alpaca. 

A domestic llama is used in the Andes as a beast of burden and source of wool; considered a domesticated variety of the guanaco, also known as a Lama peruana. 

A guanaco is wild llama, also known as a Lama guanicoe. 

An alpaca is domesticated llama with long silky fleece; believed to be a domesticated variety of the guanaco, also known as a Lama pacos. 

An odd-toed ungulate is placental mammals having hooves with an odd number of toes on each foot, also known as a perissodactyl, or a perissodactyl mammal. An odd-toed ungulate is either a tapir, an equine, or a rhinoceros. 

A tapir is large inoffensive chiefly nocturnal ungulate of tropical America and southeast Asia having a heavy body and fleshy snout. A tapir is either a Malayan tapir, or a New World tapir. 

A Malayan tapir is a tapir found in Malaya and Sumatra, also known as a Indian tapir, or a Tapirus indicus. 

A New World tapir is a tapir found in South America and Central America, also known as a Tapirus terrestris. 

An equine is hoofed mammals having slender legs and a flat coat with a narrow mane along the back of the neck, also known as an equid. An equine is either an ass, a mule, a quagga, a hinny, a zebra, or a horse. 

An ass is hardy and sure-footed animal smaller and with longer ears than the horse. An ass is either a wild ass, a domestic ass, a jennet, or a jack. 

A wild ass is any of several equine mammals of Asia and northeast Africa. A wild ass is either a African wild ass, an onager, or a kiang. 

A African wild ass is a wild ass of Africa, also known as a Equus asinus. 

An onager is Asiatic wild ass, also known as a Equus hemionus. An onager can, more specifically, be a chigetai. 

A chigetai is Mongolian wild ass, also known as a dziggetai, or a Equus hemionus hemionus. 

A kiang is wild ass of Tibet and Mongolia, also known as a Equus kiang. 

A domestic ass is domestic beast of burden descended from the African wild ass; patient but stubborn, also known as a donkey, or a Equus asinus. A domestic ass is either a burro, or a moke. 

A burro is small donkey used as a pack animal. 

A moke is British informal for donkey. 

A jennet is female donkey, also known as a jenny, or a jenny ass. 

A jack is male donkey, also known as a jackass. 

A mule is hybrid offspring of a male donkey and a female horse; usually sterile. 

A quagga is mammal of South Africa that resembled a zebra; extinct since late 19th century, also known as a Equus quagga. 

A hinny is hybrid offspring of a male horse and a female donkey or ass; usually sterile. 

A zebra is any of several fleet black-and-white striped African equines. A zebra is either a grevy's zebra, a mountain zebra, or a common zebra. 

A grevy's zebra is zebra with less continuous stripes, also known as a Equus grevyi. 

A mountain zebra is narrow-striped nearly extinct zebra of southern Africa, also known as a Equus zebra zebra. 

A common zebra is of the plains of central and eastern Africa, also known as a Burchell's zebra, or a Equus Burchelli. 

A horse is solid-hoofed herbivorous quadruped domesticated since prehistoric times, also known as a Equus caballus. A horse is either a hack, a stalking-horse, a saddle horse, a pacer, a steeplechaser, a gee-gee, a post horse, a hack, a palomino, a stablemate, a pony, an eohippus, a harness horse, a chestnut, a workhorse, a pony, a stepper, a male horse, a pinto, a sorrel, a wild horse, a bay, a liver chestnut, a roan, a mare, a mesohippus, a racehorse, a polo pony, or a protohippus. 

A hack is a horse kept for hire. 

A stalking-horse is a horse behind which a hunter hides while stalking game. 

A saddle horse is a lightweight horse kept for riding only, also known as a riding horse, or a mount. A saddle horse is either a buckskin, a palfrey, a prancer, a dun, a hack, a Lippizan, a Appaloosa, a quarter horse, a crowbait, a grey, a Tennessee walker, a Morgan, a cow pony, a Arabian, a American saddle horse, a remount, or a warhorse. 

A buckskin is horse of a light yellowish dun color with dark mane and tail. 

A palfrey is especially a light saddle horse for a woman. 

A prancer is a mettlesome or fiery horse. 

A dun is horse of a dull brownish grey color. 

A hack is a saddle horse used for transportation rather than sport etc.. 

A Lippizan is a compact and sturdy saddle horse that is bred and trained in Vienna; smart and docile and excellent for dressage, also known as a Lipizzan, or a Lippizaner. 

A Appaloosa is a hardy breed of saddle horse developed in western North America and characteristically having a spotted rump. 

A quarter horse is a small powerful horse originally bred for sprinting in quarter-mile races in Virginia. 

A crowbait is an emaciated horse likely soon to become carrion and so attractive to crows, also known as a crow-bait. 

A grey is horse of a light gray or whitish color, also known as a gray. 

A Tennessee walker is a horse marked by stamina and trained to move at a fast running walk, also known as a Tennessee walking horse, a Walking horse, or a Plantation walking horse. 

A Morgan is an American breed of small compact saddle horses. 

A cow pony is a light saddle horse trained for herding cattle. 

A Arabian is a spirited graceful and intelligent riding horse native to Arabia, also known as a Arab. 

A American saddle horse is a high-stepping horse originating in Kentucky. 

A remount is a fresh horse especially (formerly) to replace one killed or injured in battle. 

A warhorse is horse used in war. A warhorse is either a steed, a cavalry horse, or a charger. 

A steed is (literary) a spirited horse for state or war. 

A cavalry horse is horse trained for battle. 

A charger is formerly a strong swift horse ridden into battle, also known as a courser. 

A pacer is a horse trained to a special gait in which both feet on one side leave the ground together. 

A steeplechaser is a horse trained to run in steeplechases. 

A gee-gee is a word for horse used by children or in adult slang. 

A post horse is a horse kept at an inn or post house for use by mail carriers or for rent to travelers, also known as a post-horse, or a poster. 

A hack is an old or over-worked horse, also known as a jade, a nag, or a plug. 

A palomino is a horse of light tan or golden color with cream-colored or white mane and tail. 

A stablemate is a horse stabled with another or one of several horses owned by the same person, also known as a stable companion. 

A pony is a range horse of the western United States. A pony is either a mustang, or a cayuse. 

A mustang is small hardy range horse of the western plains descended from horses brought by the Spanish. A mustang can, more specifically, be a bronco. 

A bronco is an unbroken or imperfectly broken mustang, also known as a bronc, or a broncho. A bronco can, more specifically, be a bucking bronco. 

A bucking bronco is a wild horse that is vicious and difficult or impossible to break in. 

A cayuse is a small native range horse, also known as a Indian pony. 

An eohippus is earliest horse; extinct primitive dog-sized four-toed Eocene animal, also known as a dawn horse. 

A harness horse is horse used for pulling vehicles. A harness horse is either a cob, or a hackney. 

A cob is stocky short-legged harness horse. 

A hackney is a compact breed of harness horse. 

A chestnut is a dark golden-brown or reddish-brown horse. 

A workhorse is a horse used for plowing and hauling and other heavy labor. A workhorse is either a farm horse, a draft horse, a packhorse, or a plow horse. 

A farm horse is a quiet plodding workhorse, also known as a dobbin. 

A draft horse is horse adapted for drawing heavy loads, also known as a draught horse, or a dray horse. A draft horse is either a Clydesdale, a Percheron, a pole horse, a wheel horse, a shire, a carthorse, or a coach horse. 

A Clydesdale is heavy feathered-legged breed of draft horse originally from Scotland. 

A Percheron is one of a breed of grey or black draft horses originally used in France to draw heavy coaches or artillery. 

A pole horse is a draft horse harnessed alongside the shaft or pole of a vehicle, also known as a poler. 

A wheel horse is a draft horse harnessed behind others and nearest the wheels of a vehicle, also known as a wheeler. 

A shire is British breed of large heavy draft horse, also known as a shire horse. 

A carthorse is draft horse kept for pulling carts, also known as a cart horse, or a drayhorse. 

A coach horse is strong draft horse for drawing coaches. 

A packhorse is a workhorse used as a pack animal. 

A plow horse is a horse used to pull a plow, also known as a plough horse. 

A pony is any of various breeds of small gentle horses usually less than five feet high at the shoulder. A pony is either a Shetland pony, a Welsh pony, or a Exmoor. 

A Shetland pony is breed of very small pony with long shaggy mane and tail. 

A Welsh pony is breed of small ponies originally from Wales. 

A Exmoor is stocky breed of pony with a fawn-colored nose. 

A stepper is a horse trained to lift its feet high off the ground while walking or trotting, also known as a high stepper. 

A male horse is the male of species Equus caballus. A male horse is either a gelding, or a stallion. 

A gelding is castrated male horse. 

A stallion is uncastrated adult male horse, also known as an entire. A stallion can, more specifically, be a stud. 

A stud is adult male horse kept for breeding, also known as a studhorse. 

A pinto is a spotted or calico horse or pony. 

A sorrel is a horse of a brownish orange to light brown color. 

A wild horse is undomesticated or feral domestic horse. A wild horse is either a warrigal, a Przewalski's horse, or a tarpan. 

A warrigal is Australian wild horse, also known as a warragal. 

A Przewalski's horse is wild horse of central Asia that resembles an ass; now endangered, also known as a Przevalski's horse, a Equus caballus przewalskii, or a Equus caballus przevalskii. 

A tarpan is European wild horse extinct since the early 20th century, also known as a Equus caballus gomelini. 

A bay is a horse of a moderate reddish-brown color. 

A liver chestnut is a solid dark brown horse. 

A roan is a horse having a brownish coat thickly sprinkled with white or gray. 

A mare is female equine animal, also known as a female horse. A mare can, more specifically, be a broodmare. 

A broodmare is a female horse used for breeding, also known as a stud mare. 

A mesohippus is North American three-toed Oligocene animal; probably not directly ancestral to modern horses. 

A racehorse is a horse bred for racing, also known as a race horse, or a bangtail. A racehorse is either a dark horse, a mudder, a trotting horse, a yearling, a three-year-old horse, a thoroughbred, a pony, a two-year-old horse, a nonstarter, or a pacer. 

A dark horse is a racehorse about which little is known. 

A mudder is a racehorse that runs well on a muddy racetrack. 

A trotting horse is a horse trained to trot; especially a horse trained for harness racing, also known as a trotter. A trotting horse can, more specifically, be a pole horse. 

A pole horse is the horse having a starting position next to the inside rail in a harness race. 

A yearling is a racehorse considered one year old until the second Jan. 1 following its birth. 

A three-year-old horse is a racehorse that is three years old, also known as a three year old. 

A thoroughbred is a racehorse belonging to a breed that originated from a cross between Arabian stallions and English mares. 

A pony is an informal term for a racehorse. 

A two-year-old horse is a racehorse that is two years old, also known as a two year old. 

A nonstarter is a horse that fails to run in a race for which it has been entered. 

A pacer is a horse used to set the pace in racing, also known as a pacemaker, or a pacesetter. 

A polo pony is a small agile horse specially bred and trained for playing polo. 

A protohippus is Pliocene horse approaching donkeys in size. 

A rhinoceros is massive powerful herbivorous odd-toed ungulate of southeast Asia and Africa having very thick skin and one or two horns on the snout, also known as a rhino. A rhinoceros is either a woolly rhinoceros, a white rhinoceros, a Indian rhinoceros, or a black rhinoceros. 

A woolly rhinoceros is extinct thick-haired species of Arctic regions, also known as a Rhinoceros antiquitatis. 

A white rhinoceros is large light-grey African rhinoceros having two horns; endangered; sometimes placed in genus Diceros, also known as a Ceratotherium simum, or a Diceros simus. 

A Indian rhinoceros is having one horn, also known as a Rhinoceros unicornis. 

A black rhinoceros is African rhino; in danger of extinction, also known as a Diceros bicornis. 

A yearling is an animal in its second year. 

A lagomorph is relative large gnawing animals; distinguished from rodents by having two pairs of upper incisors specialized for gnawing, also known as a gnawing mammal. A lagomorph is either a leporid, a pika, or a Duplicidentata. 

A leporid is rabbits and hares, also known as a leporid mammal. A leporid is either a rabbit, or a hare. 

A rabbit is any of various burrowing animals of the family Leporidae having long ears and short tails; some domesticated and raised for pets or food, also known as a coney, or a cony. A rabbit is either a wood rabbit, a lapin, a Angora, a bunny, a European rabbit, a Belgian hare, or a rabbit ears. 

A wood rabbit is common small rabbit of North America having greyish or brownish fur and a tail with a white underside; a host for Ixodes pacificus and Ixodes scapularis (Lyme disease ticks), also known as a cottontail, or a cottontail rabbit. A wood rabbit is either a swamp rabbit, a marsh hare, or an eastern cottontail. 

A swamp rabbit is a wood rabbit of southeastern United States swamps and lowlands, also known as a canecutter, a swamp hare, or a Sylvilagus aquaticus. 

A marsh hare is a wood rabbit of marshy coastal areas from North Carolina to Florida, also known as a swamp rabbit, or a Sylvilagus palustris. 

An eastern cottontail is widely distributed in United States except northwest and far west regions, also known as a Sylvilagus floridanus. 

A lapin is castrated male rabbit. 

A Angora is domestic breed of rabbit with long white silky hair, also known as a Angora rabbit. 

A bunny is (usually informal) especially a young rabbit, also known as a bunny rabbit. 

A European rabbit is common greyish-brown burrowing animal native to southern Europe and northern Africa but introduced elsewhere; widely domesticated and developed in various colors and for various needs; young are born naked and helpless, also known as a Old World rabbit, or a Oryctolagus cuniculus. 

A Belgian hare is red breed of domestic rabbits; hybrid between Old World rabbit and hare, also known as a leporide. 

A rabbit ears is the long ears of a rabbit. 

A hare is swift timid long-eared mammal larger than a rabbit having a divided upper lip and long hind legs; young born furred and with open eyes. A hare is either a jackrabbit, a leveret, a European hare, a polar hare, or a snowshoe hare. 

A jackrabbit is large hare of western North America. A jackrabbit is either a blacktail jackrabbit, or a white-tailed jackrabbit. 

A blacktail jackrabbit is the common jackrabbit of grasslands and open areas of western United States; has large black-tipped ears and black streak on the tail, also known as a Lepus californicus. 

A white-tailed jackrabbit is largest hare of northern plains and western mountains of United States; brownish-grey in summer and pale grey in winter; tail nearly always all white, also known as a whitetail jackrabbit, or a Lepus townsendi. 

A leveret is a young hare especially one in its first year. 

A European hare is large hare introduced in North America; does not turn white in winter, also known as a Lepus europaeus. 

A polar hare is a large hare of northern North America; it is almost completely white in winter, also known as a Arctic hare, or a Lepus arcticus. 

A snowshoe hare is large large-footed North American hare; white in winter, also known as a snowshoe rabbit, a varying hare, or a Lepus americanus. 

A pika is small short-eared burrowing mammal of rocky uplands of Asia and western North America, also known as a mouse hare, a rock rabbit, a coney, or a cony. A pika is either a little chief hare, or a collared pika. 

A little chief hare is North American pika, also known as a Ochotona princeps. 

A collared pika is similar to little chief hare and may be same species, also known as a Ochotona collaris. 

A Duplicidentata is in former classifications considered a suborder of Rodentia coextensive with the order Lagomorpha: gnawing animals. 

A bat is nocturnal mouselike mammal with forelimbs modified to form membranous wings and anatomical adaptations for echolocation by which they navigate, also known as a chiropteran. A bat is either a fruit bat, or a carnivorous bat. 

A fruit bat is large Old World bat of warm and tropical regions that feeds on fruit, also known as a megabat. A fruit bat is either a Pteropus hypomelanus, a Pteropus capestratus, a harpy, a Cynopterus sphinx, or a flying fox. 

A Pteropus hypomelanus is a variety of fruit bat. 

A Pteropus capestratus is a variety of fruit bat. 

A harpy is any of various fruit bats of the genus Nyctimene distinguished by nostrils drawn out into diverging tubes, also known as a harpy bat, a tube-nosed bat, or a tube-nosed fruit bat. 

A Cynopterus sphinx is a variety of fruit eating bat. 

A flying fox is large bat with a head that resembles the head of a fox. 

A carnivorous bat is typically having large ears and feeding primarily on insects; worldwide in distribution, also known as a microbat. A carnivorous bat is either a freetail, a mastiff bat, a brown bat, a mouse-eared bat, a vampire bat, a vespertilian bat, or a leafnose bat. 

A freetail is small swift insectivorous bat with leathery ears and a long tail; common in warm regions, also known as a free-tailed bat, or a freetailed bat. A freetail is either a pocketed bat, or a guano bat. 

A pocketed bat is small brown bat of California and northern Mexico, also known as a pocketed freetail bat, or a Tadirida femorosacca. 

A guano bat is the common freetail bat of southern United States having short velvety fur; migrates southward for winter, also known as a Mexican freetail bat, or a Tadarida brasiliensis. 

A mastiff bat is a soft-furred chocolate-brown bat with folded ears and small wings; often runs along the ground. 

A brown bat is any of numerous medium to small insectivorous bats found worldwide in caves and trees and buildings. 

A mouse-eared bat is a carnivorous bat with ears like a mouse. 

A vampire bat is any of various tropical American bats of the family Desmodontidae that bite mammals and birds to feed on their blood, also known as a true vampire bat. A vampire bat is either a hairy-legged vampire bat, or a Desmodus rotundus. 

A hairy-legged vampire bat is similar in size and habits to Desmodus rotundus; of tropical America including southern California and Texas, also known as a Diphylla ecaudata. 

A Desmodus rotundus is mouse-sized bat of tropical Central America and South America having sharp incisor and canine teeth; feeds on the blood of birds and mammals. 

A vespertilian bat is a variety of carnivorous bat, also known as a vespertilionid. A vespertilian bat is either a little brown bat, a frosted bat, an eastern pipistrel, a red bat, a jackass bat, a western pipistrel, a serotine, a cave myotis, a pipistrelle, a pallid bat, a long-eared bat, or a big brown bat. 

A little brown bat is the small common North American bat; widely distributed, also known as a little brown myotis, or a Myotis leucifugus. 

A frosted bat is common Eurasian bat with white-tipped hairs in its coat, also known as a Vespertilio murinus. 

An eastern pipistrel is one of the smallest bats of eastern North America, also known as a Pipistrellus subflavus. 

A red bat is North American bat of a brick or rusty red color with hairs tipped with white, also known as a Lasiurus borealis. 

A jackass bat is a large bat of the southwestern United States having spots and enormous ears, also known as a spotted bat, or a Euderma maculata. 

A western pipistrel is of western North America, also known as an SPipistrellus hesperus. 

A serotine is common brown bat of Europe, also known as a European brown bat, or a Eptesicus serotinus. 

A cave myotis is small bat of southwest United States that lives in caves etc., also known as a Myotis velifer. 

A pipistrelle is small European brown bat, also known as a pipistrel, or a Pipistrellus pipistrellus. 

A pallid bat is drab yellowish big-eared bat that lives in caves, also known as a cave bat, or a Antrozous pallidus. 

A long-eared bat is any of various Old or New World bats having very long ears. A long-eared bat can, more specifically, be a western big-eared bat. 

A western big-eared bat is bat of western North America having extremely large ears, also known as a Plecotus townsendi. 

A big brown bat is rather large North American brown bat; widely distributed, also known as a Eptesicus fuscus. 

A leafnose bat is bat having a leaflike flap at the end of the nose; especially of the families Phyllostomatidae and Rhinolophidae and Hipposideridae, also known as a leaf-nosed bat. A leafnose bat is either an orange bat, a hognose bat, a macrotus, a Phyllostomus hastatus, a horseshoe bat, a spearnose bat, a horseshoe bat, or a false vampire. 

An orange bat is a common bat of northwestern Australia having orange or yellow fur, also known as an orange horseshoe bat, or a Rhinonicteris aurantius. 

A hognose bat is small-eared Mexican bat with a long slender nose, also known as a Choeronycteris mexicana. 

A macrotus is large-eared greyish bat of southern California and northwestern Mexico, also known as a Macrotus californicus. 

A Phyllostomus hastatus is a variety of leaf-nosed bat. 

A horseshoe bat is any of numerous bats of the family Hipposideridae of northwest Africa or Philippines or Australia having a horseshoe-shaped leaf on the nose. 

A spearnose bat is New World bat with a pointed nose leaf; found from southern United States to Paraguay. 

A horseshoe bat is a bat of the family Rhinolophidae having a horseshoe-shaped leaf on the nose. 

A false vampire is any New or Old World carnivorous bat erroneously thought to suck blood but in fact feeding on insects, also known as a false vampire bat. A false vampire can, more specifically, be a big-eared bat. 

A big-eared bat is large carnivorous Old World bat with very large ears, also known as a Megaderma lyra. 

An aardvark is nocturnal burrowing mammal of the grasslands of Africa that feeds on termites; sole extant representative of the order Tubulidentata, also known as an ant bear, an anteater, or a Orycteropus afer. 

A proboscidean is massive herbivorous mammals having tusks and a long trunk, also known as a proboscidian. A proboscidean is either a mastodon, or an elephant. 

A mastodon is extinct elephant-like mammal that flourished worldwide from Miocene through Pleistocene times; differ from mammoths in the form of the molar teeth, also known as a mastodont. A mastodon can, more specifically, be a American mastodon. 

A American mastodon is mastodon of North America; in some classifications considered a mammoth rather than a mastodon, also known as a American mastodont, or a Mammut americanum. 

An elephant is five-toed pachyderm. An elephant is either a rogue elephant, a Indian elephant, a mammoth, a African elephant, or a gomphothere. 

A rogue elephant is a wild and vicious elephant separated from the herd. 

A Indian elephant is Asian elephant having smaller ears and tusks primarily in the male, also known as a Elephas maximus. A Indian elephant can, more specifically, be a white elephant. 

A white elephant is albinic Indian elephant; rare and sometimes venerated in east Asia. 

A mammoth is any of numerous extinct elephants widely distributed in the Pleistocene; extremely large with hairy coats and long upcurved tusks. A mammoth is either a columbian mammoth, an imperial mammoth, or a woolly mammoth. 

A columbian mammoth is a variety of mammoth, also known as a Mammuthus columbi. 

An imperial mammoth is largest known mammoth; of America, also known as an imperial elephant, or a Archidiskidon imperator. 

A woolly mammoth is very hairy mammoth common in colder portions of the northern hemisphere, also known as a northern mammoth, or a Mammuthus primigenius. 

A African elephant is an elephant native to Africa having enormous flapping ears and ivory tusks, also known as a Loxodonta africana. 

A gomphothere is extinct elephants of Central American and South America; of the Miocene and Pleistocene. 

A carnivore is a terrestrial or aquatic flesh-eating mammal. A carnivore is either a viverrine, a bear, a procyonid, a canine, a fissiped mammal, a feline, or a musteline mammal. 

A viverrine is small cat-like predatory mammals of warmer parts of the Old World, also known as a viverrine mammal. A viverrine is either a civet, a fossa, a mongoose, a genet, or a meerkat. 

A civet is cat-like mammal typically secreting musk used in perfumes, also known as a civet cat. A civet is either a banded palm civet, a palm cat, a fanaloka, a Cryptoprocta, a binturong, a small civet, or a large civet. 

A banded palm civet is an East Indian civet, also known as a Hemigalus hardwickii. 

A palm cat is spotted or striped arboreal civet of southeast Asia and East Indies, also known as a palm civet. 

A fanaloka is civet of Madagascar, also known as a Fossa fossa. 

A Cryptoprocta is large primitive cat-like carnivores inhabiting forests of Madagascar, also known as a genus Cryptoprocta. 

A binturong is arboreal civet of Asia having a long prehensile tail and shaggy black hair, also known as a bearcat, or a Arctictis bintourong. 

A small civet is a common civet of southeast Asia, also known as a Viverricula indica, or a Viverricula malaccensis. 

A large civet is common civet of India and southeast Asia, also known as a Viverra zibetha. 

A fossa is largest carnivore of Madagascar; intermediate in some respects between cats and civets, also known as a fossa cat, or a Cryptoprocta ferox. 

A mongoose is agile grizzled Old World viverrine; preys on snakes and rodents. A mongoose is either an ichneumon, or a Indian mongoose. 

An ichneumon is northern African mongoose; in ancient times thought to devour crocodile eggs, also known as a Herpestes ichneumon. 

A Indian mongoose is keen-sighted viverrine of southern Asia about the size of a ferret; often domesticated, also known as a Herpestes nyula. 

A genet is agile Old World viverrine having a spotted coat and long ringed tail, also known as a Genetta genetta. 

A meerkat is a mongoose-like viverrine of South Africa having a face like a lemur and only four toes, also known as a mierkat. A meerkat is either a slender-tailed meerkat, or a suricate. 

A slender-tailed meerkat is a meerkat with a thin and elongated tail, also known as a Suricata suricatta. 

A suricate is burrowing diurnal meerkat of southern Africa; often kept as a pet, also known as a Suricata tetradactyla. 

A bear is massive plantigrade carnivorous or omnivorous mammals with long shaggy coats and strong claws. A bear is either a bruin, a Asiatic black bear, a bear cub, a sloth bear, a American black bear, an ice bear, or a brown bear. 

A bruin is a conventional name for a bear used in tales following usage in the old epic `Reynard the Fox'. 

A Asiatic black bear is bear with a black coat living in central and eastern Asia, also known as a black bear, a Ursus thibetanus, or a Selenarctos thibetanus. 

A bear cub is a young bear. 

A sloth bear is common coarse-haired long-snouted bear of south-central Asia, also known as a Melursus ursinus, or a Ursus ursinus. 

A American black bear is brown to black North American bear; smaller and less ferocious than the brown bear, also known as a black bear, a Ursus americanus, or a Euarctos americanus. A American black bear can, more specifically, be a cinnamon bear. 

A cinnamon bear is reddish-brown color phase of the American black bear. 

An ice bear is white bear of Arctic regions, also known as a polar bear, a Ursus Maritimus, or a Thalarctos maritimus. 

A brown bear is large ferocious bear of Eurasia, also known as a bruin, or a Ursus arctos. A brown bear is either a grizzly, a Alaskan brown bear, or a Syrian bear. 

A grizzly is powerful brownish-yellow bear of the uplands of western North America, also known as a grizzly bear, a silvertip, a silver-tip, a Ursus horribilis, or a Ursus arctos horribilis. 

A Alaskan brown bear is brown bear of coastal Alaska and British Columbia, also known as a Kodiak bear, a Kodiak, a Ursus middendorffi, or a Ursus arctos middendorffi. 

A Syrian bear is yellowish-grey Syrian brown bear, also known as a Ursus arctos syriacus. 

A procyonid is plantigrade carnivorous mammals. A procyonid is either a kinkajou, a giant panda, a raccoon, a coati, a bassarisk, or a lesser panda. 

A kinkajou is arboreal fruit-eating mammal of tropical America with a long prehensile tail, also known as a honey bear, a potto, a Potos flavus, or a Potos caudivolvulus. 

A giant panda is large black-and-white herbivorous mammal of bamboo forests of China and Tibet; in some classifications considered a member of the bear family or of a separate family Ailuropodidae, also known as a panda, a panda bear, a coon bear, or a Ailuropoda melanoleuca. 

A raccoon is an omnivorous nocturnal mammal native to North America and Central America, also known as a racoon. A raccoon is either a common raccoon, or a crab-eating raccoon. 

A common raccoon is North American raccoon, also known as a common racoon, a coon, a ringtail, or a Procyon lotor. 

A crab-eating raccoon is a South American raccoon, also known as a Procyon cancrivorus. 

A coati is omnivorous mammal of Central America and South America, also known as a coati-mondi, a coati-mundi, a coon cat, or a Nasua narica. 

A bassarisk is raccoon-like omnivorous mammal of Mexico and the southwestern United States having a long bushy tail with black and white rings, also known as a cacomistle, a cacomixle, a coon cat, a raccoon fox, a ringtail, a ring-tailed cat, a civet cat, a miner's cat, or a Bassariscus astutus. 

A lesser panda is reddish-brown Old World raccoon-like carnivore; in some classifications considered unrelated to the giant pandas, also known as a red panda, a panda, a bear cat, a cat bear, or a Ailurus fulgens. 

A canine is any of various fissiped mammals with nonretractile claws and typically long muzzles, also known as a canid. A canine is either a jackal, a wolf, a fox, a dog, a bitch, a hyena, or a wild dog. 

A jackal is Old World nocturnal canine mammal closely related to the dog; smaller than a wolf; sometimes hunts in a pack but usually singly or as a member of a pair, also known as a Canis aureus. 

A wolf is any of various predatory carnivorous canine mammals of North America and Eurasia that usually hunt in packs. A wolf is either a wolf pup, a white wolf, a red wolf, a timber wolf, or a coyote. 

A wolf pup is a young wolf, also known as a wolf cub. 

A white wolf is wolf of Arctic North America having white fur and a black-tipped tail, also known as a Arctic wolf, or a Canis lupus tundrarum. 

A red wolf is reddish-grey wolf of southwestern North America, also known as a maned wolf, a Canis rufus, or a Canis niger. 

A timber wolf is a wolf with a brindled grey coat living in forested northern regions of North America, also known as a grey wolf, a gray wolf, or a Canis lupus. 

A coyote is small wolf native to western North America, also known as a prairie wolf, a brush wolf, or a Canis latrans. A coyote can, more specifically, be a coydog. 

A coydog is offspring of a coyote and a dog. 

A fox is alert carnivorous mammal with pointed muzzle and ears and a bushy tail; most are predators that do not hunt in packs. A fox is either a kit fox, a grey fox, a red fox, a kit fox, a Reynard, a vixen, a red fox, or a Arctic fox. 

A kit fox is small grey fox of southwestern United States; may be a subspecies of Vulpes velox, also known as a Vulpes macrotis. 

A grey fox is dark grey American fox; from Central America through southern United States, also known as a gray fox, or a Urocyon cinereoargenteus. 

A red fox is New World fox; often considered the same species as the Old World fox, also known as a Vulpes fulva. 

A kit fox is small grey fox of the plains of western North America, also known as a prairie fox, or a Vulpes velox. 

A Reynard is a conventional name for a fox used in tales following usage in the old epic `Reynard the Fox'. 

A vixen is a female fox. 

A red fox is the common Old World fox; having reddish-brown fur; commonly considered a single circumpolar species, also known as a Vulpes vulpes. A red fox is either a black fox, or a silver fox. 

A black fox is red fox in the color phase when its pelt is mostly black. 

A silver fox is red fox in the color phase when its pelt is tipped with white. 

A Arctic fox is thickly-furred fox of Arctic regions; brownish in summer and white in winter, also known as a white fox, or a Alopex lagopus. A Arctic fox can, more specifically, be a blue fox. 

A blue fox is a variety of Arctic fox having a pale grey winter coat. 

A dog is a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds, also known as a domestic dog, or a Canis familiaris. A dog is either a puppy, a Great Pyrenees, a basenji, a Newfoundland, a lapdog, a poodle, a Leonberg, a toy dog, a spitz, a pooch, a cur, a Mexican hairless, a hunting dog, a working dog, a dalmatian, a pug, a corgi, or a griffon. 

A puppy is a young dog. 

A Great Pyrenees is bred of large heavy-coated white dogs resembling the Newfoundland. 

A basenji is small smooth-haired breed of African origin having a tightly curled tail and the inability to bark. 

A Newfoundland is a breed of very large heavy dogs with a thick coarse usually black coat; highly intelligent dogs and vigorous swimmers; developed in Newfoundland, also known as a Newfoundland dog. 

A lapdog is a dog small and tame enough to be held in the lap. 

A poodle is an intelligent dog with a heavy curly solid-colored coat that is usually clipped; an old breed sometimes trained as sporting dogs or as performing dogs, also known as a poodle dog. A poodle is either a large poodle, a miniature poodle, a toy poodle, or a standard poodle. 

A large poodle is the largest breed of poodle. 

A miniature poodle is a breed of small poodles. 

A toy poodle is the breed of very small poodles. 

A standard poodle is a breed or medium-sized poodles. 

A Leonberg is a large dog (usually with a golden coat) produced by crossing a St Bernard and a Newfoundland. 

A toy dog is any of several breeds of very small dogs kept purely as pets, also known as a toy. A toy dog is either a Japanese spaniel, a Chihuahua, a Shih-Tzu, a Pekinese, a toy spaniel, a toy terrier, or a Maltese dog. 

A Japanese spaniel is breed of toy dogs originating in Japan having a silky black-and-white or red-and-white coat. 

A Chihuahua is an old breed of tiny short-haired dog with protruding eyes from Mexico held to antedate Aztec civilization. 

A Shih-Tzu is a Chinese breed of small dog similar to a Pekingese. 

A Pekinese is a Chinese breed of small short-legged dogs with a long silky coat and broad flat muzzle, also known as a Pekingese, or a Peke. 

A toy spaniel is a very small spaniel. A toy spaniel is either a English toy spaniel, a papillon, or a King Charles spaniel. 

A English toy spaniel is British breed having a long silky coat and rounded head with a short upturned muzzle. A English toy spaniel can, more specifically, be a Blenheim spaniel. 

A Blenheim spaniel is red-and-white variety of English toy spaniel. 

A papillon is small slender toy spaniel with erect ears and a black-spotted brown to white coat. 

A King Charles spaniel is a toy English spaniel with a black-and-tan coat; named after Charles II who popularized it. 

A toy terrier is a small active dog. 

A Maltese dog is breed of toy dogs having a long straight silky white coat, also known as a Maltese terrier, or a Maltese. 

A spitz is any of various stocky heavy-coated breeds of dogs native to northern regions having pointed muzzles and erect ears with a curled furry tail. A spitz is either a keeshond, a chow, a Pomeranian, or a Samoyed. 

A keeshond is a spitz-like dog having a shaggy greyish coat and tightly curled tail originating in Holland. 

A chow is breed of medium-sized dogs with a thick coat and fluffy curled tails and distinctive blue-black tongues; believed to have originated in northern China, also known as a chow chow. 

A Pomeranian is breed of very small compact long-haired dogs of the spitz type. 

A Samoyed is Siberian breed of white or cream-colored dog of the spitz family, also known as a Samoyede. 

A pooch is informal terms for dogs, also known as a doggie, a doggy, a barker, or a bow-wow. 

A cur is an inferior dog or one of mixed breed, also known as a mongrel, or a mutt. A cur is either a feist, or a pariah dog. 

A feist is a nervous belligerent little mongrel dog, also known as a fice. 

A pariah dog is ownerless half-wild mongrel dog common around Asian villages especially India, also known as a pye-dog, or a pie-dog. 

A Mexican hairless is any of an old breed of small nearly hairless dogs of Mexico. 

A hunting dog is a dog used in hunting game. A hunting dog is either a sporting dog, a Rhodesian ridgeback, a terrier, a hound, a courser, or a dachshund. 

A sporting dog is a dog trained to work with sportsmen when they hunt with guns, also known as a gun dog. A sporting dog is either a bird dog, a griffon, a spaniel, a retriever, a pointer, a setter, or a water dog. 

A bird dog is a gun dog trained to locate or retrieve birds. 

A griffon is breed of medium-sized long-headed dogs with downy undercoat and harsh wiry outer coat; originated in Holland but largely developed in France, also known as a wire-haired pointing griffon. 

A spaniel is any of several breeds of small to medium-sized gun dogs with a long silky coat and long frilled ears. A spaniel is either a Brittany spaniel, a water spaniel, a clumber, a field spaniel, a cocker spaniel, a springer spaniel, or a Sussex spaniel. 

A Brittany spaniel is tall active short-tailed French breed of bird dog having a usually smooth orange- or liver-and-white coat. 

A water spaniel is any dog of two large curly-coated breeds used for hunting waterfowl. A water spaniel is either a American water spaniel, or a Irish water spaniel. 

A American water spaniel is breed of medium-sized spaniels originating in America having chocolate or liver-colored curly coat. 

A Irish water spaniel is breed of large spaniels developed in Ireland having a heavy coat of liver-colored curls and a topknot of long curls and a nearly hairless tail. 

A clumber is a thickset spaniel with longish silky hair, also known as a clumber spaniel. 

A field spaniel is large usually black hunting and retrieving spaniel with a dense flat or slightly wavy coat; cross between cocker and Sussex spaniel. 

A cocker spaniel is a small breed with wavy silky hair; originally developed in England, also known as a English cocker spaniel, or a cocker. 

A springer spaniel is a large spaniel with wavy silky coat usually black or liver and white, also known as a springer. A springer spaniel is either a English springer, or a Welsh springer spaniel. 

A English springer is a breed having typically a black-and-white coat, also known as a English springer spaniel. 

A Welsh springer spaniel is a red-and-white breed slightly smaller than the English springer spaniel. 

A Sussex spaniel is an English breed with short legs and a golden liver-colored coat. 

A retriever is a dog with heavy water-resistant coat that can be trained to retrieve game. A retriever is either a flat-coated retriever, a curly-coated retriever, a Labrador retriever, a Chesapeake Bay retriever, or a golden retriever. 

A flat-coated retriever is an English breed having a shiny black or liver-colored coat; retrieves game from land or water. 

A curly-coated retriever is an English breed having a tightly curled black or liver-colored coat; retrieves game from land or water. 

A Labrador retriever is breed originally from Labrador having a short black or golden-brown coat. 

A Chesapeake Bay retriever is American breed having a short thick oily coat ranging from brown to light tan. 

A golden retriever is an English breed having a long silky golden coat. 

A pointer is a strong slender smooth-haired dog of Spanish origin having a white coat with brown or black patches; scents out and points to game, also known as a Spanish pointer. A pointer is either a German short-haired pointer, or a vizsla. 

A German short-haired pointer is liver or liver-and-white hunting dog developed in Germany; 3/4 pointer and 1/4 bloodhound. 

A vizsla is Hungarian hunting dog resembling the Weimaraner but having a rich deep red coat, also known as a Hungarian pointer. 

A setter is a long-haired dog formerly trained to crouch on finding game but now to point. A setter is either a Gordon setter, a Irish setter, or a English setter. 

A Gordon setter is a Scottish breed with a black-and-tan coat. 

A Irish setter is an Irish breed with a chestnut-brown or mahogany-red coat, also known as a red setter. 

A English setter is an English breed having a plumed tail and a soft silky coat that is chiefly white. 

A water dog is a dog accustomed to water and usually trained to retrieve waterfowl. 

A Rhodesian ridgeback is a powerful short-haired African hunting dog having a crest of reversed hair along the spine. 

A terrier is any of several usually small short-bodied breeds originally trained to hunt animals living underground. A terrier is either a Tibetan terrier, a wirehair, a bullterrier, a Scotch terrier, a Boston bull, a Airedale, a West Highland white terrier, a Border terrier, a rat terrier, a Skye terrier, a Norwich terrier, a Lhasa, a soft-coated wheaten terrier, a schnauzer, a Kerry blue terrier, a Yorkshire terrier, a Irish terrier, a Bedlington terrier, a silky terrier, a cairn, a Norfolk terrier, a Dandie Dinmont, a fox terrier, or a Australian terrier. 

A Tibetan terrier is breed of medium-sized terriers bred in Tibet resembling Old English sheepdogs with fluffy curled tails, also known as a chrysanthemum dog. 

A wirehair is a terrier with wiry hair, also known as a wirehaired terrier, or a wire-haired terrier. A wirehair is either a Welsh terrier, or a Lakeland terrier. 

A Welsh terrier is wire-haired terrier resembling Airedales but smaller; developed in Wales for hunting. A Welsh terrier can, more specifically, be a Sealyham terrier. 

A Sealyham terrier is a wire-haired terrier with short legs that was first bred in Sealyham, also known as a Sealyham. 

A Lakeland terrier is breed of wire-haired terrier originally from the Lake District of England and used for hunting. 

A bullterrier is a powerful short-haired terrier originated in England by crossing the bulldog with terriers, also known as a bull terrier. A bullterrier is either a American Staffordshire terrier, or a Staffordshire bullterrier. 

A American Staffordshire terrier is American breed of muscular terriers with a short close-lying stiff coat, also known as a Staffordshire terrier, a American pit bull terrier, or a pit bull terrier. 

A Staffordshire bullterrier is English breed of strong stocky dog having a broad skull and smooth coat, also known as a Staffordshire bull terrier. 

A Scotch terrier is old Scottish breed of small long-haired usually black terrier with erect tail and ears, also known as a Scottish terrier, or a Scottie. 

A Boston bull is small pug-faced American terrier breed having a smooth brindle or black coat with white markings, also known as a Boston terrier. 

A Airedale is breed of large wiry-coated terrier bred in Yorkshire, also known as a Airedale terrier. 

A West Highland white terrier is small white long-coated terrier developed in Scotland. 

A Border terrier is small rough-coated terrier of British origin. 

A rat terrier is any of several breeds of terrier developed to catch rats, also known as a ratter. A rat terrier can, more specifically, be a Manchester terrier. 

A Manchester terrier is a breed of short-haired rat terrier with a black-and-tan coat that was developed in Manchester, England, also known as a black-and-tan terrier. A Manchester terrier can, more specifically, be a toy Manchester. 

A toy Manchester is breed of small Manchester terrier, also known as a toy Manchester terrier. 

A Skye terrier is Scottish breed of terrier with shaggy hair and long low body with short legs; native to the Isle of Skye. A Skye terrier can, more specifically, be a Clydesdale terrier. 

A Clydesdale terrier is selectively bred small Skye terrier with erect ears and a long silky coat. 

A Norwich terrier is English breed of small short-legged terrier with a straight wiry red or grey or black-and-tan coat and erect ears. 

A Lhasa is a breed of terrier having a long heavy coat raised in Tibet as watchdogs, also known as a Lhasa apso. 

A soft-coated wheaten terrier is Irish breed of medium-sized terrier with an abundant coat any shade of wheat and very hairy head and muzzle. 

A schnauzer is old German breed of sturdy black or greyish wire-haired terriers having a blunt muzzle ranging in size from fairly small to very large; used as ratters and guard dogs or police dogs. A schnauzer is either a miniature schnauzer, a giant schnauzer, or a standard schnauzer. 

A miniature schnauzer is a small schnauzer. 

A giant schnauzer is a large schnauzer. 

A standard schnauzer is a medium-sized schnauzer. 

A Kerry blue terrier is an Irish breed of medium-sized terriers with a silky blue-grey coat. 

A Yorkshire terrier is very small breed having a long glossy coat of bluish-grey and tan. 

A Irish terrier is medium-sized breed with a wiry brown coat; developed in Ireland. 

A Bedlington terrier is a light terrier groomed to resemble a lamb. 

A silky terrier is Australian breed of toy dogs having a silky blue coat, also known as a Sydney silky. 

A cairn is small rough-haired breed of terrier from Scotland, also known as a cairn terrier. 

A Norfolk terrier is English breed of small terrier with a straight wiry grizzled coat and dropped ears. 

A Dandie Dinmont is a breed of small terrier with long wiry coat and drooping ears, also known as a Dandie Dinmont terrier. 

A fox terrier is small lively black-and-white terriers formerly used to dig out foxes. A fox terrier is either a smooth-haired fox terrier, or a wire-haired fox terrier. 

A smooth-haired fox terrier is a fox terrier with smooth hair. 

A wire-haired fox terrier is a fox terrier with wiry hair. 

A Australian terrier is small greyish wire-haired breed of terrier from Australia similar to the cairn. 

A hound is any of several breeds of dog used for hunting typically having large drooping ears, also known as a hound dog. A hound is either a beagle, a Ibizan hound, a Plott hound, a bluetick, a Saluki, a Scottish deerhound, a wolfhound, a Afghan hound, a Weimaraner, a greyhound, a redbone, an otterhound, a staghound, a coonhound, a bloodhound, a boarhound, a foxhound, a basset, a Norwegian elkhound, or a harrier. 

A beagle is a small short-legged smooth-coated breed of hound. 

A Ibizan hound is breed of slender agile medium-sized hound found chiefly in the Balearic Islands; said to have been bred originally by the Pharaohs of ancient Egypt, also known as a Ibizan Podenco. 

A Plott hound is a brindle-coated American hound used in hunting bears and wild boars. 

A bluetick is a very fast American hound; white mottled with bluish grey. 

A Saluki is old breed of tall swift keen-eyed hunting dogs resembling greyhounds; from Egypt and southwestern Asia, also known as a gazelle hound. 

A Scottish deerhound is very large and tall rough-coated dog bred for hunting deer; known as the royal dog of Scotland, also known as a deerhound. 

A wolfhound is the largest breed of dogs; formerly used to hunt wolves. A wolfhound is either a borzoi, or a Irish wolfhound. 

A borzoi is tall fast-moving dog breed, also known as a Russian wolfhound. 

A Irish wolfhound is large breed of hound with a rough thick coat. 

A Afghan hound is tall graceful breed of hound with a long silky coat; native to the Near East, also known as a Afghan. 

A Weimaraner is large breed of hound having a smooth greyish coat; originated in Germany. 

A greyhound is a tall slender dog of an ancient breed noted for swiftness and keen sight; used as a racing dog. A greyhound is either a whippet, or a Italian greyhound. 

A whippet is small slender dog of greyhound type developed in England. 

A Italian greyhound is a toy dog developed from the greyhound. 

A redbone is a speedy red or red-and-tan American hound. 

An otterhound is hardy British hound having long pendulous ears and a thick coarse shaggy coat with an oily undercoat; bred for hunting otters, also known as an otter hound. 

A staghound is a large heavy hound formerly used in hunting stags and other large game; similar to but larger than a foxhound. 

A coonhound is any of several breeds of hound developed for hunting raccoons. A coonhound is either a black-and-tan coonhound, or a coondog. 

A black-and-tan coonhound is American breed of large powerful hound dogs used for hunting raccoons and other game. 

A coondog is any dog trained to hunt raccoons. 

A bloodhound is a breed of large powerful hound of European origin having very acute smell and used in tracking, also known as a sleuthhound. 

A boarhound is large hound used in hunting wild boars. 

A foxhound is medium-sized glossy-coated hounds developed for hunting foxes. A foxhound is either a Walker hound, a American foxhound, or a English foxhound. 

A Walker hound is an American breed of foxhound, also known as a Walker foxhound. 

A American foxhound is an American breed of foxhounds used for hunting both in packs and individually. 

A English foxhound is an English breed slightly larger than the American foxhounds originally used to hunt in packs. 

A basset is smooth-haired breed of hound with short legs and long ears, also known as a basset hound. 

A Norwegian elkhound is breed of compact medium-sized dog with a heavy grey coat developed in Norway for hunting elk, also known as an elkhound. 

A harrier is a hound that resembles a foxhound but is smaller; used to hunt rabbits. 

A courser is a dog trained for coursing. 

A dachshund is small long-bodied short-legged German breed of dog having a short sleek coat and long drooping ears; suited for following game into burrows, also known as a dachsie, or a badger dog. A dachshund can, more specifically, be a sausage dog. 

A sausage dog is informal term, also known as a sausage hound. 

A working dog is any of several breeds of usually large powerful dogs bred to work as draft animals and guard and guide dogs. A working dog is either a hearing dog, a Great Dane, a boxer, a mastiff, a Saint Bernard, a bulldog, a bull mastiff, a watchdog, a Sennenhunde, a shepherd dog, a police dog, a Eskimo dog, a sled dog, a guide dog, or a seizure-alert dog. 

A hearing dog is dog trained to assist the deaf by signaling the occurrence of certain sounds. 

A Great Dane is very large powerful smooth-coated breed of dog. 

A boxer is a breed of stocky medium-sized short-haired dog with a brindled coat and square-jawed muzzle developed in Germany. 

A mastiff is an old breed of powerful deep-chested smooth-coated dog used chiefly as a watchdog and guard dog. A mastiff can, more specifically, be a Tibetan mastiff. 

A Tibetan mastiff is very large powerful rough-coated dog native to central Asia. 

A Saint Bernard is a Swiss alpine breed of large powerful dog with a thick coat of hair used as a rescue dog, also known as a St Bernard. 

A bulldog is a sturdy thickset short-haired breed with a large head and strong undershot lower jaw; developed originally in England for bull baiting, also known as a English bulldog. A bulldog can, more specifically, be a French bulldog. 

A French bulldog is small stocky version of the bulldog having a sleek coat and square head. 

A bull mastiff is large powerful breed developed by crossing the bulldog and the mastiff. 

A watchdog is a dog trained to guard property, also known as a guard dog. A watchdog is either a housedog, a pinscher, a kuvasz, an attack dog, or a schipperke. 

A housedog is a dog trained to guard a house. 

A pinscher is any of three breeds of dogs whose ears and tail are usually cropped. A pinscher is either an affenpinscher, a Doberman, or a miniature pinscher. 

An affenpinscher is European breed of small dog resembling a terrier with dark wiry hair and a tufted muzzle, also known as a monkey pinscher, or a monkey dog. 

A Doberman is medium large breed of dog of German origin with a glossy black and tan coat; used as a watchdog, also known as a Doberman pinscher. 

A miniature pinscher is small German version of a Doberman pinscher. 

A kuvasz is long-established Hungarian breed of tall light-footed but sturdy white dog; used also as a hunting dog. 

An attack dog is a watchdog trained to attack on command. 

A schipperke is breed of small stocky black dogs originally used as watchdogs on boats in the Netherlands and Belgium. 

A Sennenhunde is any of four Swiss breeds. A Sennenhunde is either a Appenzeller, a Bernese mountain dog, a Greater Swiss Mountain dog, or a EntleBucher. 

A Appenzeller is a smaller of the four Swiss breeds. 

A Bernese mountain dog is large powerful long-haired black-coated Swiss dog with deep tan or russet markings on legs and white blaze and feet and chest marking; formerly used for draft. 

A Greater Swiss Mountain dog is the largest of the four Swiss breeds. 

A EntleBucher is the smallest of the Sennenhunde. 

A shepherd dog is any of various usually long-haired breeds of dog reared to herd and guard sheep, also known as a sheepdog, or a sheep dog. A shepherd dog is either a Rottweiler, a Border collie, a briard, a Shetland sheepdog, a komondor, a German shepherd, a Belgian sheepdog, a Old English sheepdog, a kelpie, a collie, or a Bouvier des Flandres. 

A Rottweiler is German breed of large vigorous short-haired cattle dogs. 

A Border collie is developed in the area between Scotland and England usually having a black coat with white on the head and tip of tail used for herding both sheep and cattle. 

A briard is old French breed of large strong usually black dogs having a long tail and long wavy and slightly stiff coat. 

A Shetland sheepdog is a small sheepdog resembling a collie that was developed in the Shetland Islands, also known as a Shetland sheep dog, or a Shetland. 

A komondor is Hungarian breed of large powerful shaggy-coated white dog; used also as guard dog. 

A German shepherd is breed of large shepherd dogs used in police work and as a guide for the blind, also known as a German shepherd dog, a German police dog, or an alsatian. 

A Belgian sheepdog is hardy working dog developed in Belgium for herding sheep, also known as a Belgian shepherd. A Belgian sheepdog is either a groenendael, or a malinois. 

A groenendael is black-coated sheepdog with a heavily plumed tail. 

A malinois is fawn-colored short-haired sheepdog. 

A Old English sheepdog is large sheepdog with a profuse shaggy bluish-grey-and-white coat and short tail; believed to trace back to the Roman occupation of Britain, also known as a bobtail. 

A kelpie is an Australian sheepdog with pointed ears. 

A collie is a silky-coated sheepdog with a long ruff and long narrow head developed in Scotland. 

A Bouvier des Flandres is rough-coated breed used originally in Belgium for herding and guarding cattle, also known as a Bouviers des Flandres. 

A police dog is any dog trained to assist police especially in tracking. 

A Eskimo dog is breed of heavy-coated Arctic sled dog, also known as a husky. 

A sled dog is a dog trained to draw a sled usually in a team, also known as a sledge dog. A sled dog is either a malamute, or a Siberian husky. 

A malamute is breed of sled dog developed in Alaska, also known as a malemute, or a Alaskan malamute. 

A Siberian husky is breed of sled dog developed in northeastern Siberia; they resemble the larger Alaskan malamutes. 

A guide dog is a dog trained to guide the blind. A guide dog can, more specifically, be a Seeing Eye dog. 

A Seeing Eye dog is (trademark) a guide dog trained to guide a blind person. 

A seizure-alert dog is a dog that can alert or assist people with seizure disorders. 

A dalmatian is a large breed having a smooth white coat with black or brown spots; originated in Dalmatia, also known as a coach dog, or a carriage dog. A dalmatian can, more specifically, be a liver-spotted dalmatian. 

A liver-spotted dalmatian is a brown-spotted dalmatian. 

A pug is small compact smooth-coated breed of Asiatic origin having a tightly curled tail and broad flat wrinkled muzzle, also known as a pug-dog. 

A corgi is either of two Welsh breeds of long-bodied short-legged dogs with erect ears and a fox-like head, also known as a Welsh corgi. A corgi is either a Pembroke, or a Cardigan. 

A Pembroke is the smaller and straight-legged variety of corgi having pointed ears and a short tail, also known as a Pembroke Welsh corgi. 

A Cardigan is slightly bowlegged variety of corgi having rounded ears and a long tail, also known as a Cardigan Welsh corgi. 

A griffon is breed of various very small compact wiry-coated dogs of Belgian origin having a short bearded muzzle, also known as a Brussels griffon, or a Belgian griffon. A griffon can, more specifically, be a Brabancon griffon. 

A Brabancon griffon is a variety of Brussels griffon having a short smooth coat. 

A bitch is female of any member of the dog family. A bitch can, more specifically, be a brood bitch. 

A brood bitch is a bitch used for breeding. 

A hyena is doglike nocturnal mammal of Africa and southern Asia that feeds chiefly on carrion, also known as a hyaena. A hyena is either a spotted hyena, an aardwolf, a brown hyena, or a striped hyena. 

A spotted hyena is African hyena noted for its distinctive howl, also known as a laughing hyena, or a Crocuta crocuta. 

An aardwolf is striped hyena of southeast Africa that feeds chiefly on insects, also known as a Proteles cristata. 

A brown hyena is of southern Africa, also known as a strand wolf, or a Hyaena brunnea. 

A striped hyena is of northern Africa and Arabia and India, also known as a Hyaena hyaena. 

A wild dog is any of various undomesticated mammals of the family Canidae that are thought to resemble domestic dogs as distinguished from jackals or wolves. A wild dog is either a dhole, a crab-eating dog, a African hunting dog, a raccoon dog, or a dingo. 

A dhole is fierce wild dog of the forests of central and southeast Asia that hunts in packs, also known as a Cuon alpinus. 

A crab-eating dog is wild dog of northern South America, also known as a crab-eating fox, or a Dusicyon cancrivorus. 

A African hunting dog is a powerful doglike mammal of southern and eastern Africa that hunts in large packs; now rare in settled area, also known as a hyena dog, a Cape hunting dog, or a Lycaon pictus. 

A raccoon dog is small wild dog of eastern Asia having facial markings like those of a raccoon, also known as a Nyctereutes procyonides. 

A dingo is wolflike yellowish-brown wild dog of Australia, also known as a warrigal, a warragal, or a Canis dingo. 

A fissiped mammal is terrestrial carnivores; having toes separated to the base: dogs; cats; bears; badgers; raccoons, also known as a fissiped. 

A feline is any of various lithe-bodied roundheaded fissiped mammals, many with retractile claws, also known as a felid. A feline is either a cat, or a big cat. 

A cat is feline mammal usually having thick soft fur and no ability to roar: domestic cats; wildcats, also known as a true cat. A cat is either a domestic cat, or a wildcat. 

A domestic cat is any domesticated member of the genus Felis, also known as a house cat, a Felis domesticus, or a Felis catus. A domestic cat is either a Angora, a tabby, a tiger cat, a Persian cat, a Abyssinian, a tabby, a Burmese cat, a tortoiseshell, a Egyptian cat, a Siamese cat, a Maltese, a Manx, an alley cat, a tom, a mouser, or a kitty. 

A Angora is a long-haired breed of cat similar to the Persian cat, also known as a Angora cat. 

A tabby is a cat with a grey or tawny coat mottled with black, also known as a tabby cat. 

A tiger cat is a cat having a striped coat. 

A Persian cat is a long-haired breed of cat. 

A Abyssinian is a small slender short-haired breed of African origin having brownish fur with a reddish undercoat, also known as a Abyssinian cat. 

A tabby is female cat, also known as a queen. 

A Burmese cat is a short-haired breed with body similar to the Siamese cat but having a solid dark brown or grey coat. 

A tortoiseshell is a cat having black and cream-colored and yellowish markings, also known as a tortoiseshell-cat, or a calico cat. 

A Egyptian cat is a domestic cat of Egypt. 

A Siamese cat is a slender short-haired blue-eyed breed of cat having a pale coat with dark ears paws face and tail tip, also known as a Siamese. A Siamese cat can, more specifically, be a blue point Siamese. 

A blue point Siamese is Siamese cat having a bluish cream-colored body and dark grey points. 

A Maltese is a term applied indiscriminately in the United States to any short-haired bluish-grey cat, also known as a Maltese cat. 

A Manx is a short-haired tailless breed of cat believed to originate on the Isle of Man, also known as a Manx cat. 

An alley cat is a homeless cat. 

A tom is male cat, also known as a tomcat. A tom can, more specifically, be a gib. 

A gib is a castrated tomcat. 

A mouser is a cat proficient at mousing. 

A kitty is informal terms referring to a domestic cat, also known as a kitty-cat, a puss, a pussy, or a pussycat. 

A wildcat is any small or medium-sized cat resembling the domestic cat and living in the wild. A wildcat is either a jungle cat, a serval, an ocelot, a leopard cat, a jaguarundi, a margay, a European wildcat, a cougar, a tiger cat, a lynx, a sand cat, a manul, or a kaffir cat. 

A jungle cat is small Asiatic wildcat, also known as a Felis chaus. 

A serval is slender long-legged African wildcat having large untufted ears and tawny black-spotted coat, also known as a Felis serval. 

An ocelot is nocturnal wildcat of Central America and South America having a dark-spotted buff-brown coat, also known as a panther cat, or a Felis pardalis. 

A leopard cat is small spotted wildcat of southern Asia and Malaysia, also known as a Felis bengalensis. 

A jaguarundi is long-bodied long-tailed tropical American wildcat, also known as a jaguarundi cat, a jaguarondi, an eyra, or a Felis yagouaroundi. 

A margay is small spotted wildcat found from Texas to Brazil, also known as a margay cat, or a Felis wiedi. 

A European wildcat is bushy-tailed wildcat of Europe that resembles the domestic cat and is regarded as the ancestor of the domestic cat, also known as a catamountain, or a Felis silvestris. 

A cougar is large American feline resembling a lion, also known as a puma, a catamount, a mountain lion, a painter, a panther, or a Felis concolor. 

A tiger cat is medium-sized wildcat of Central America and South America having a dark-striped coat, also known as a Felis tigrina. 

A lynx is short-tailed wildcats with usually tufted ears; valued for their fur, also known as a catamount. A lynx is either a common lynx, a caracal, a Canada lynx, a spotted lynx, or a bobcat. 

A common lynx is of northern Eurasia, also known as a Lynx lynx. 

A caracal is of deserts of northern Africa and southern Asia, also known as a desert lynx, or a Lynx caracal. 

A Canada lynx is of northern North America, also known as a Lynx canadensis. 

A spotted lynx is of southern Europe, also known as a Lynx pardina. 

A bobcat is small lynx of North America, also known as a bay lynx, or a Lynx rufus. 

A sand cat is a desert wildcat. 

A manul is small wildcat of the mountains of Siberia and Tibet and Mongolia, also known as a Pallas's cat, or a Felis manul. 

A kaffir cat is widely distributed wildcat of Africa and Asia Minor, also known as a caffer cat, or a Felis ocreata. 

A big cat is any of several large cats typically able to roar and living in the wild, also known as a cat. A big cat is either a lion, a snow leopard, a leopard, a cheetah, a tiglon, a jaguar, a liger, a tiger, or a saber-toothed tiger. 

A lion is large gregarious predatory feline of Africa and India having a tawny coat with a shaggy mane in the male, also known as a king of beasts, or a Panthera leo. A lion is either a lionet, a lioness, or a lion cub. 

A lionet is a small or young lion. 

A lioness is a female lion. 

A lion cub is a young lion. 

A snow leopard is large feline of upland central Asia having long thick whitish fur, also known as an ounce, or a Panthera uncia. 

A leopard is large feline of African and Asian forests usually having a tawny coat with black spots, also known as a Panthera pardus. A leopard is either a leopardess, or a panther. 

A leopardess is female leopard. 

A panther is a leopard in the black color phase. 

A cheetah is long-legged spotted cat of Africa and southwestern Asia having nonretractile claws; the swiftest mammal; can be trained to run down game, also known as a chetah, or a Acinonyx jubatus. 

A tiglon is offspring of a male tiger and a female lion, also known as a tigon. 

A jaguar is a large spotted feline of tropical America similar to the leopard; in some classifications considered a member of the genus Felis, also known as a panther, a Panthera onca, or a Felis onca. 

A liger is offspring of a male lion and a female tiger. 

A tiger is large feline of forests in most of Asia having a tawny coat with black stripes; endangered, also known as a Panthera tigris. A tiger is either a tiger cub, a tigress, or a Bengal tiger. 

A tiger cub is a young tiger. 

A tigress is a female tiger. 

A Bengal tiger is southern short-haired tiger. 

A saber-toothed tiger is any of many extinct cats of the Old and New Worlds having long swordlike upper canine teeth; from the Oligocene through the Pleistocene, also known as a sabertooth. A saber-toothed tiger is either a false saber-toothed tiger, or a Smiledon californicus. 

A false saber-toothed tiger is North American cat of the Miocene and Pliocene; much earlier and less specialized than members of the genus Smiledon. 

A Smiledon californicus is North American sabertooth; culmination of sabertooth development. 

A musteline mammal is fissiped fur-bearing carnivorous mammals, also known as a mustelid, or a musteline. A musteline mammal is either a weasel, a marten, a grison, a ratel, a wolverine, a polecat, a black-footed ferret, a glutton, a badger, a mink, a sea otter, a skunk, an otter, or a tayra. 

A weasel is small carnivorous mammal with short legs and elongated body and neck. A weasel is either an ermine, a Old World least weasel, a New World least weasel, a longtail weasel, or a muishond. 

An ermine is mustelid of northern hemisphere in its white winter coat, also known as a shorttail weasel, or a Mustela erminea. An ermine can, more specifically, be a stoat. 

A stoat is the ermine in its brown summer coat with black-tipped tail. 

A Old World least weasel is of Europe, also known as a Mustela nivalis. 

A New World least weasel is of Canada and northeastern United States, also known as a Mustela rixosa. 

A longtail weasel is the common American weasel distinguished by large size and black-tipped tail, also known as a long-tailed weasel, or a Mustela frenata. 

A muishond is southern African weasel. A muishond is either a striped muishond, a zoril, or a snake muishond. 

A striped muishond is ferret-sized muishond often tamed, also known as a Ictonyx striata. 

A zoril is muishond of northern Africa, also known as a Ictonyx frenata. 

A snake muishond is small slender burrowing muishond with white top of the head, also known as a Poecilogale albinucha. 

A marten is agile slender-bodied arboreal mustelids somewhat larger than weasels, also known as a marten cat. A marten is either a fisher, a pine marten, a stone marten, a yellow-throated marten, a American marten, or a sable. 

A fisher is large dark brown North American arboreal carnivorous mammal, also known as a pekan, a fisher cat, a black cat, or a Martes pennanti. 

A pine marten is dark brown marten of northern Eurasian coniferous forests, also known as a Martes martes. 

A stone marten is Eurasian marten having a brown coat with pale breast and throat, also known as a beech marten, or a Martes foina. 

A yellow-throated marten is large yellow and black marten of southern China and Burma, also known as a Charronia flavigula. 

A American marten is valued for its fur, also known as a American sable, or a Martes americana. 

A sable is marten of northern Asian forests having luxuriant dark brown fur, also known as a Martes zibellina. 

A grison is carnivore of Central America and South America resembling a weasel with a greyish-white back and dark underparts, also known as a Grison vittatus, or a Galictis vittatus. 

A ratel is nocturnal badger-like carnivore of wooded regions of Africa and southern Asia, also known as a honey badger, or a Mellivora capensis. 

A wolverine is stocky shaggy-coated North American carnivorous mammal, also known as a carcajou, a skunk bear, or a Gulo luscus. 

A polecat is dark brown mustelid of woodlands of Eurasia that gives off an unpleasant odor when threatened, also known as a fitch, a foulmart, a foumart, or a Mustela putorius. A polecat can, more specifically, be a ferret. 

A ferret is domesticated albino variety of the European polecat bred for hunting rats and rabbits. 

A black-footed ferret is musteline mammal of prairie regions of United States; nearly extinct, also known as a ferret, or a Mustela nigripes. 

A glutton is musteline mammal of northern Eurasia, also known as a Gulo gulo, or a wolverine. 

A badger is sturdy carnivorous burrowing mammal with strong claws; widely distributed in the northern hemisphere. A badger is either a Eurasian badger, a hog badger, a American badger, or a ferret badger. 

A Eurasian badger is a variety of badger native to Europe and Asia, also known as a Meles meles. 

A hog badger is southeast Asian badger with a snout like a pig, also known as a hog-nosed badger, a sand badger, or a Arctonyx collaris. 

A American badger is a variety of badger native to America, also known as a Taxidea taxus. 

A ferret badger is small ferret-like badger of southeast Asia. 

A mink is slender-bodied semiaquatic mammal having partially webbed feet; valued for its fur. A mink can, more specifically, be a American mink. 

A American mink is usually rich dark brown, also known as a Mustela vison. 

A sea otter is large marine otter of northern Pacific coasts having very thick dark brown fur, also known as a Enhydra lutris. 

A skunk is American musteline mammal typically ejecting an intensely malodorous fluid when startled; in some classifications put in a separate subfamily Mephitinae, also known as a polecat, or a wood pussy. A skunk is either a spotted skunk, a striped skunk, a hog-nosed skunk, or a hooded skunk. 

A spotted skunk is small skunk with a marbled black and white coat; of United States and Mexico, also known as a little spotted skunk, or a Spilogale putorius. 

A striped skunk is most common and widespread North American skunk, also known as a Mephitis mephitis. 

A hog-nosed skunk is large naked-muzzled skunk with white back and tail; of southwestern North America and Mexico, also known as a hognosed skunk, a badger skunk, a rooter skunk, or a Conepatus leuconotus. 

A hooded skunk is of Mexico and southernmost parts of southwestern United States, also known as a Mephitis macroura. 

An otter is freshwater carnivorous mammal having webbed and clawed feet and dark brown fur. An otter is either a river otter, or a Eurasian otter. 

A river otter is sociable aquatic animal widely distributed along streams and lake borders in North America, also known as a Lutra canadensis. 

A Eurasian otter is otter found in Europe and Asia, also known as a Lutra lutra. 

A tayra is long-tailed arboreal mustelid of Central America and South America, also known as a taira, or a Eira barbara. 

A tree shrew is insectivorous arboreal mammal of southeast Asia that resembles a squirrel with large eyes and long sharp snout. A tree shrew can, more specifically, be a pentail. 

A pentail is brown tree shrew having a naked tail bilaterally fringed with long stiff hairs on the distal third; of Malaysia, also known as a pen-tail, or a pen-tailed tree shrew. 

An aquatic mammal is whales and dolphins; manatees and dugongs; walruses; seals. An aquatic mammal is either a cetacean, a pinniped mammal, or a sea cow. 

A cetacean is large aquatic carnivorous mammal with fin-like forelimbs no hind limbs, including: whales; dolphins; porpoises; narwhals, also known as a cetacean mammal, or a blower. A cetacean can, more specifically, be a whale. 

A whale is any of the larger cetacean mammals having a streamlined body and breathing through a blowhole on the head. A whale is either a toothed whale, a narwhal, a baleen whale, or a spouter. 

A toothed whale is any of several whales having simple conical teeth and feeding on fish etc.. A toothed whale is either a pygmy sperm whale, a beaked whale, a dwarf sperm whale, a sperm whale, or a dolphin. 

A pygmy sperm whale is small sperm whale of warm waters of both coasts of North America, also known as a Kogia breviceps. 

A beaked whale is any of several whales inhabiting all oceans and having beaklike jaws with vestigial teeth in the upper jaw. A beaked whale can, more specifically, be a bottle-nosed whale. 

A bottle-nosed whale is northern Atlantic beaked whale with a bulbous forehead, also known as a bottlenose whale, a bottlenose, or a Hyperoodon ampullatus. 

A dwarf sperm whale is very small (to 8 feet) sperm whale of central coasts of Atlantic and Pacific, also known as a Kogia simus. 

A sperm whale is large whale with a large cavity in the head containing spermaceti and oil; also a source of ambergris, also known as a cachalot, a black whale, or a Physeter catodon. 

A dolphin is any of various small toothed whales with a beaklike snout; larger than porpoises. A dolphin is either a grampus, a porpoise, a pilot whale, a river dolphin, a white whale, a common dolphin, a bottlenose dolphin, or a killer whale. 

A grampus is slaty-grey blunt-nosed dolphin common in northern seas, also known as a Grampus griseus. 

A porpoise is any of several small gregarious cetacean mammals having a blunt snout and many teeth. A porpoise is either a vaquita, or a harbor porpoise. 

A vaquita is a short porpoise that lives in the Gulf of California; an endangered species, also known as a Phocoena sinus. 

A harbor porpoise is the common porpoise of the northern Atlantic and Pacific, also known as a herring hog, or a Phocoena phocoena. 

A pilot whale is small dark-colored whale of the Atlantic coast of the United States; the largest male acts as pilot or leader for the school, also known as a black whale, a common blackfish, a blackfish, or a Globicephala melaena. 

A river dolphin is any of several long-snouted usually freshwater dolphins of South America and southern Asia. 

A white whale is small northern whale that is white when adult, also known as a beluga, or a Delphinapterus leucas. 

A common dolphin is black-and-white dolphin that leaps high out of the water;, also known as a Delphinus delphis. 

A bottlenose dolphin is any of several dolphins with rounded forehead and well-developed beak; chiefly of northern Atlantic and Mediterranean, also known as a bottle-nosed dolphin, or a bottlenose. A bottlenose dolphin is either a Atlantic bottlenose dolphin, or a Pacific bottlenose dolphin. 

A Atlantic bottlenose dolphin is the most common dolphin of northern Atlantic and Mediterranean; often kept captive and trained to perform, also known as a Tursiops truncatus. 

A Pacific bottlenose dolphin is a bottlenose dolphin found in the Pacific Ocean, also known as a Tursiops gilli. 

A killer whale is predatory black-and-white toothed whale with large dorsal fin; common in cold seas, also known as a killer, an orca, a grampus, a sea wolf, or a Orcinus orca. 

A narwhal is small Arctic whale the male having a long spiral ivory tusk, also known as a narwal, a narwhale, or a Monodon monoceros. 

A baleen whale is whale with plates of whalebone along the upper jaw for filtering plankton from the water, also known as a whalebone whale. A baleen whale is either a humpback, a bowhead, a rorqual, a right whale, a grey whale, or a blue whale. 

A humpback is large whalebone whale with long flippers noted for arching or humping its back as it dives, also known as a humpback whale, or a Megaptera novaeangliae. 

A bowhead is large-mouthed Arctic whale, also known as a bowhead whale, a Greenland whale, or a Balaena mysticetus. 

A rorqual is any of several baleen whales of the family Balaenopteridae having longitudinal grooves on the throat and a small pointed dorsal fin, also known as a razorback. A rorqual is either a sei whale, a finback, or a lesser rorqual. 

A sei whale is similar to but smaller than the finback whale, also known as a Balaenoptera borealis. 

A finback is large flat-headed whalebone whale having deep furrows along the throat; of Atlantic and Pacific, also known as a finback whale, a fin whale, a common rorqual, or a Balaenoptera physalus. 

A lesser rorqual is small finback of coastal waters of Atlantic and Pacific, also known as a piked whale, a minke whale, or a Balaenoptera acutorostrata. 

A right whale is large Arctic whalebone whale; allegedly the `right' whale to hunt because of its valuable whalebone and oil. 

A grey whale is medium-sized greyish-black whale of the northern Pacific, also known as a gray whale, a devilfish, a Eschrichtius gibbosus, or a Eschrichtius robustus. 

A blue whale is largest mammal ever known; bluish-grey migratory whalebone whale mostly of southern hemisphere, also known as a sulfur bottom, or a Balaenoptera musculus. 

A spouter is a spouting whale. 

A pinniped mammal is aquatic carnivorous mammal having a streamlined body specialized for swimming with limbs modified as flippers, also known as a pinniped, or a pinnatiped. A pinniped mammal is either a seal, or a walrus. 

A seal is any of numerous marine mammals that come on shore to breed; chiefly of cold regions. A seal is either an eared seal, an earless seal, or a crabeater seal. 

An eared seal is pinniped mammal having external ear flaps and hind limbs used for locomotion on land; valued for its soft underfur. An eared seal is either a sea lion, a fur seal, or a fur seal. 

A sea lion is any of several large eared seals of the northern Pacific related to fur seals but lacking their valuable coat. A sea lion is either a South American sea lion, a California sea lion, a Steller sea lion, or a Australian sea lion. 

A South American sea lion is of the southern coast of South America, also known as a Otaria Byronia. 

A California sea lion is often trained as a show animal, also known as a Zalophus californianus, or a Zalophus californicus. 

A Steller sea lion is largest sea lion; of the northern Pacific, also known as a Steller's sea lion, or a Eumetopias jubatus. 

A Australian sea lion is a variety of sea lion found in Australia, also known as a Zalophus lobatus. 

A fur seal is eared seal of the southern hemisphere; the thick soft underfur is the source of sealskin. A fur seal can, more specifically, be a guadalupe fur seal. 

A guadalupe fur seal is a fur seal of the Pacific coast of California and southward, also known as a Arctocephalus philippi. 

A fur seal is an eared seal of the northern Pacific. A fur seal can, more specifically, be a Alaska fur seal. 

A Alaska fur seal is of Pacific coast from Alaska southward to California, also known as a Callorhinus ursinus. 

An earless seal is any of several seals lacking external ear flaps and having a stiff hairlike coat with hind limbs reduced to swimming flippers, also known as a true seal, or a hair seal. An earless seal is either a hooded seal, a harbor seal, an elephant seal, a harp seal, or a bearded seal. 

A hooded seal is medium-sized blackish-grey seal with large inflatable sac on the head; of Arctic and northern Atlantic waters, also known as a bladdernose, or a Cystophora cristata. 

A harbor seal is small spotted seal of coastal waters of the northern hemisphere, also known as a common seal, or a Phoca vitulina. 

An elephant seal is either of two large northern Atlantic earless seals having snouts like trunks, also known as a sea elephant. 

A harp seal is common Arctic seal; the young are all white, also known as a Pagophilus groenlandicus. 

A bearded seal is medium-sized greyish to yellow seal with bristles each side of muzzle; of the Arctic Ocean, also known as a squareflipper square flipper, or a Erignathus barbatus. 

A crabeater seal is silvery grey Antarctic seal subsisting on crustaceans, also known as a crab-eating seal. 

A walrus is either of two large northern marine mammals having ivory tusks and tough hide over thick blubber, also known as a seahorse, or a sea horse. A walrus is either a Atlantic walrus, or a Pacific walrus. 

A Atlantic walrus is a walrus of northern Atlantic and Arctic waters, also known as a Odobenus rosmarus. 

A Pacific walrus is a walrus of the Bering Sea and northern Pacific, also known as a Odobenus divergens. 

A sea cow is any of two families of large herbivorous aquatic mammals with paddle-shaped tails and flipper-like forelimbs and no hind limbs, also known as a sirenian mammal, or a sirenian. A sea cow is either a Steller's sea cow, a manatee, or a dugong. 

A Steller's sea cow is extinct large sirenian mammal formerly found near the Asiatic coast of the Bering Sea, also known as a Hydrodamalis gigas. 

A manatee is sirenian mammal of tropical coastal waters of America; the flat tail is rounded, also known as a Trichechus manatus. 

A dugong is sirenian tusked mammal found from eastern Africa to Australia; the flat tail is bilobate, also known as a Dugong dugon. 

A cow is mature female of mammals of which the male is called `bull'. 

A bull is mature male of various mammals of which the female is called `cow'; e.g. whales or elephants or especially cattle. 

An insectivore is small insect-eating mainly nocturnal terrestrial or fossorial mammals. An insectivore is either an otter shrew, a hedgehog, a mole, a tenrec, or a shrew. 

An otter shrew is amphibious African insectivorous mammal that resembles an otter, also known as a potamogale, or a Potamogale velox. 

A hedgehog is small nocturnal Old World mammal covered with both hair and protective spines, also known as a Erinaceus europaeus, or a Erinaceus europeaeus. 

A mole is small velvety-furred burrowing mammal having small eyes and fossorial forefeet. A mole is either a golden mole, a shrew mole, a brewer's mole, or a starnose mole. 

A golden mole is mole of southern Africa having iridescent guard hairs mixed with the underfur. 

A shrew mole is slender mole having a long snout and tail. A shrew mole is either a Asiatic shrew mole, or a American shrew mole. 

A Asiatic shrew mole is shrew mole of eastern Asia, also known as a Uropsilus soricipes. 

A American shrew mole is greyish-black shrew mole of the United States and Canada, also known as a Neurotrichus gibbsii. 

A brewer's mole is mole of eastern North America, also known as a hair-tailed mole, or a Parascalops breweri. 

A starnose mole is amphibious mole of eastern North America having pink fleshy tentacles around the nose, also known as a star-nosed mole, or a Condylura cristata. 

A tenrec is small often spiny insectivorous mammal of Madagascar; resembles a hedgehog, also known as a tendrac. A tenrec can, more specifically, be a tailless tenrec. 

A tailless tenrec is prolific animal that feeds chiefly on earthworms, also known as a Tenrec ecaudatus. 

A shrew is small mouselike mammal with a long snout; related to moles, also known as a shrewmouse. A shrew is either a common shrew, a short-tailed shrew, a least shrew, a water shrew, or a masked shrew. 

A common shrew is common American shrew, also known as a Sorex araneus. 

A short-tailed shrew is North American shrew with tail less than half its body length, also known as a Blarina brevicauda. 

A least shrew is small brown shrew of grassy regions of eastern United States, also known as a Cryptotis parva. 

A water shrew is any of several small semiaquatic shrews usually living near swift-flowing streams. A water shrew is either a Mediterranean water shrew, a European water shrew, or a American water shrew. 

A Mediterranean water shrew is a type of water shrew, also known as a Neomys anomalus. 

A European water shrew is widely distributed Old World water shrew, also known as a Neomys fodiens. 

A American water shrew is water shrew of North America, also known as a Sorex palustris. 

A masked shrew is commonest shrew of moist habitats in North America, also known as a Sorex cinereus. 

A Fissipedia is in some classifications considered a suborder of Carnivora. 

A flying lemur is arboreal nocturnal mammal of southeast Asia and the Philippines resembling a lemur and having a fold of skin on each side from neck to tail that is used for long gliding leaps, also known as a flying cat, or a colugo. A flying lemur can, more specifically, be a Cynocephalus variegatus. 

A Cynocephalus variegatus is a variety of flying lemur. 

A rodent is relatively small placental mammals having a single pair of constantly growing incisor teeth specialized for gnawing, also known as a gnawer. A rodent is either a water rat, a murine, a marmot, a mara, a wood rat, a gerbil, a New World mouse, a beaver, a capybara, a chinchilla, a lemming, an abrocome, a porcupine, an agouti, a mountain beaver, a round-tailed muskrat, a viscacha, a muskrat, a prairie dog, a mole rat, a cavy, a mountain chinchilla, a mountain paca, a hamster, a dormouse, a squirrel, a jumping mouse, a cotton rat, a jerboa, a mole rat, a rat, a paca, a sand rat, a mouse, or a coypu. 

A water rat is any of various amphibious rats. A water rat can, more specifically, be a beaver rat. 

A beaver rat is amphibious rat of Australia and New Guinea. 

A murine is a rodent that is a member of the family Muridae. 

A marmot is stocky coarse-furred burrowing rodent with a short bushy tail found throughout the northern hemisphere; hibernates in winter. A marmot is either a groundhog, a yellowbelly marmot, or a hoary marmot. 

A groundhog is reddish brown North American marmot, also known as a woodchuck, or a Marmota monax. 

A yellowbelly marmot is heavy-bodied yellowish-brown marmot of rocky areas of western North America, also known as a rockchuck, or a Marmota flaviventris. 

A hoary marmot is large North American mountain marmot, also known as a whistler, a whistling marmot, or a Marmota caligata. 

A mara is hare-like rodent of the pampas of Argentina, also known as a Dolichotis patagonum. 

A wood rat is any of various small short-tailed rodents of the northern hemisphere having soft fur grey above and white below with furred tails and large ears; some are hosts for Ixodes pacificus and Ixodes scapularis (Lyme disease ticks), also known as a wood-rat. A wood rat is either an eastern woodrat, a vole, a packrat, or a dusky-footed wood rat. 

An eastern woodrat is large greyish-brown wood rat of the southeastern United States, also known as a Neotoma floridana. 

A vole is any of various small mouselike rodents of the family Cricetidae (especially of genus Microtus) having a stout short-tailed body and inconspicuous ears and inhabiting fields or meadows, also known as a field mouse. A vole is either a water vole, a pine vole, a water vole, a red-backed mouse, a phenacomys, a meadow vole, a grasshopper mouse, or a prairie vole. 

A water vole is common large Eurasian vole, also known as a water rat, or a Arvicola amphibius. 

A pine vole is short-tailed glossy-furred burrowing vole of the eastern United States, also known as a pine mouse, or a Pitymys pinetorum. 

A water vole is of western North America, also known as a Richardson vole, or a Microtus richardsoni. 

A red-backed mouse is any of several voles of mountainous regions of Eurasia and America, also known as a redback vole. 

A phenacomys is any of several vole-like terrestrial or arboreal rodents of cold forested regions of Canada and western United States. 

A meadow vole is widely distributed in grasslands of northern United States and Canada, also known as a meadow mouse, or a Microtus pennsylvaticus. 

A grasshopper mouse is insectivorous mouse of western North America. 

A prairie vole is typical vole of the extended prairie region of central United States and southern Canada, also known as a Microtus ochrogaster. 

A packrat is any of several bushy-tailed rodents of the genus Neotoma of western North America; hoards food and other objects, also known as a pack rat, a trade rat, a bushytail woodrat, or a Neotoma cinerea. A packrat can, more specifically, be a dusky-footed woodrat. 

A dusky-footed woodrat is host to Lyme disease tick (Ixodes pacificus) in northern California, also known as a Neotoma fuscipes. 

A dusky-footed wood rat is a wood rat with dusky feet. 

A gerbil is small Old World burrowing desert rodent with long soft pale fur and hind legs adapted for leaping, also known as a gerbille. A gerbil is either a tamarisk gerbil, a sand rat, or a jird. 

A tamarisk gerbil is a gerbil that is popular as a pet, also known as a Meriones unguiculatus. 

A sand rat is southern European gerbil, also known as a Meriones longifrons. 

A jird is gerbil of northern Africa. 

A New World mouse is a variety of rodent. A New World mouse can, more specifically, be a American harvest mouse. 

A American harvest mouse is any of several small greyish New World mice inhabiting e.g. grain fields, also known as a harvest mouse. 

A beaver is large semiaquatic rodent with webbed hind feet and a broad flat tail; construct complex dams and underwater lodges. A beaver is either a Old World beaver, or a New World beaver. 

A Old World beaver is a European variety of beaver, also known as a Castor fiber. 

A New World beaver is a variety of beaver found in almost all areas of North America except Florida, also known as a Castor canadensis. 

A capybara is pig-sized tailless South American amphibious rodent with partly webbed feet; largest living rodent, also known as a capibara, or a Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris. 

A chinchilla is small rodent with soft pearly grey fur; native to the Andes but bred in captivity for fur, also known as a Chinchilla laniger. 

A lemming is any of various short-tailed furry-footed rodents of circumpolar distribution. A lemming is either a European lemming, a southern bog lemming, a pied lemming, a brown lemming, a grey lemming, or a northern bog lemming. 

A European lemming is notable for mass migrations even into the sea where many drown, also known as a Lemmus lemmus. 

A southern bog lemming is of low bogs and meadows of northeastern and central United States and southern Canada, also known as a Synaptomys cooperi. 

A pied lemming is North American lemming having a white winter coat and some claws much enlarged. A pied lemming can, more specifically, be a Hudson bay collared lemming. 

A Hudson bay collared lemming is of northern Canada, also known as a Dicrostonyx hudsonius. 

A brown lemming is of northwestern Canada and Alaska, also known as a Lemmus trimucronatus. 

A grey lemming is Old World lemming, also known as a gray lemming, or a red-backed lemming. 

A northern bog lemming is of wet alpine and subalpine meadows of Canada and Alaska, also known as a Synaptomys borealis. 

An abrocome is ratlike rodent with soft fur and large ears of the Andes, also known as a chinchilla rat, or a rat chinchilla. 

A porcupine is relatively large rodents with sharp erectile bristles mingled with the fur, also known as a hedgehog. A porcupine is either a Old World porcupine, or a New World porcupine. 

A Old World porcupine is terrestrial porcupine. A Old World porcupine is either a long-tailed porcupine, or a brush-tailed porcupine. 

A long-tailed porcupine is porcupine of Borneo and Sumatra having short spines and a long tail, also known as a Trichys lipura. 

A brush-tailed porcupine is porcupine with a tuft of large beaded bristles on the tail, also known as a brush-tail porcupine. 

A New World porcupine is arboreal porcupine. A New World porcupine can, more specifically, be a Canada porcupine. 

A Canada porcupine is porcupine of northeastern North America with barbed spines concealed in the coarse fur; often gnaws buildings for salt and grease, also known as a Erethizon dorsatum. 

An agouti is agile long-legged rabbit-sized rodent of Central America and South America and the West Indies; valued as food, also known as a Dasyprocta aguti. 

A mountain beaver is bulky nocturnal burrowing rodent of uplands of the Pacific coast of North America; the most primitive living rodent, also known as a sewellel, or a Aplodontia rufa. 

A round-tailed muskrat is of Florida wetlands, also known as a Florida water rat, or a Neofiber alleni. 

A viscacha is gregarious burrowing rodent larger than the chinchillas, also known as a chinchillon, or a Lagostomus maximus. 

A muskrat is beaver-like aquatic rodent of North America with dark glossy brown fur, also known as a musquash, or a Ondatra zibethica. 

A prairie dog is any of several rodents of North American prairies living in large complex burrows having a barking cry, also known as a prairie marmot. A prairie dog is either a blacktail prairie dog, or a whitetail prairie dog. 

A blacktail prairie dog is tail is black tipped, also known as a Cynomys ludovicianus. 

A whitetail prairie dog is tail is white tipped, also known as a Cynomys gunnisoni. 

A mole rat is African rodent resembling a mole in habits and appearance. 

A cavy is short-tailed rough-haired South American rodent. A cavy is either an aperea, or a guinea pig. 

An aperea is South American cavy; possibly ancestral to the domestic guinea pig, also known as a wild cavy, or a Cavia porcellus. 

A guinea pig is stout-bodied nearly tailless domesticated cavy; often kept as a pet and widely used in research, also known as a Cavia cobaya. 

A mountain chinchilla is a rodent native to the mountains of Chile and Peru and now bred in captivity, also known as a mountain viscacha. 

A mountain paca is rodent of mountains of western South America. 

A hamster is short-tailed Old World burrowing rodent with large cheek pouches. A hamster is either a golden hamster, or a Eurasian hamster. 

A golden hamster is small light-colored hamster often kept as a pet, also known as a Syrian hamster, or a Mesocricetus auratus. 

A Eurasian hamster is a variety of hamster common to Europe and Asia, also known as a Cricetus cricetus. 

A dormouse is small furry-tailed squirrel-like Old World rodent that becomes torpid in cold weather. A dormouse is either a loir, a hazel mouse, or a lerot. 

A loir is large European dormouse, also known as a Glis glis. 

A hazel mouse is a variety of dormouse, also known as a Muscardinus avellanarius. 

A lerot is dormouse of southern Europe and northern Africa. 

A squirrel is a kind of arboreal rodent having a long bushy tail. A squirrel is either a American flying squirrel, an eastern chipmunk, a tree squirrel, a baronduki, a ground squirrel, a Asiatic flying squirrel, or a chipmunk. 

A American flying squirrel is New World flying squirrels. A American flying squirrel is either a southern flying squirrel, or a northern flying squirrel. 

A southern flying squirrel is small large-eyed nocturnal flying squirrel of eastern United States, also known as a Glaucomys volans. 

A northern flying squirrel is large flying squirrel; chiefly of Canada, also known as a Glaucomys sabrinus. 

An eastern chipmunk is small striped semiterrestrial eastern American squirrel with cheek pouches, also known as a hackee, a striped squirrel, a ground squirrel, or a Tamias striatus. 

A tree squirrel is any typical arboreal squirrel. A tree squirrel is either a red squirrel, a American red squirrel, a fox squirrel, an eastern grey squirrel, a western grey squirrel, a chickeree, or a black squirrel. 

A red squirrel is common reddish-brown squirrel of Europe and parts of Asia, also known as a cat squirrel, or a Sciurus vulgaris. 

A American red squirrel is of northern United States and Canada, also known as a spruce squirrel, a red squirrel, a Sciurus hudsonicus, or a Tamiasciurus hudsonicus. 

A fox squirrel is exceptionally large arboreal squirrel of eastern United States, also known as an eastern fox squirrel, or a Sciurus niger. 

An eastern grey squirrel is common medium-large squirrel of eastern North America; now introduced into England, also known as an eastern gray squirrel, a cat squirrel, or a Sciurus carolinensis. 

A western grey squirrel is large grey squirrel of far western areas of United States, also known as a western gray squirrel, or a Sciurus griseus. 

A chickeree is far western United States counterpart of the red squirrel, also known as a Douglas squirrel, or a Tamiasciurus douglasi. 

A black squirrel is fox squirrel or grey squirrel in the black color phase. 

A baronduki is terrestrial Siberian squirrel, also known as a baranduki, a barunduki, a burunduki, a Eutamius asiaticus, or a Eutamius sibiricus. 

A ground squirrel is any of various terrestrial burrowing rodents of Old and New Worlds; often destroy crops, also known as a gopher, or a spermophile. A ground squirrel is either a mantled ground squirrel, a flickertail, an antelope squirrel, a rock squirrel, a Arctic ground squirrel, or a suslik. 

A mantled ground squirrel is common black-striped reddish-brown ground squirrel of western North America; resembles a large chipmunk, also known as a Citellus lateralis. 

A flickertail is of sagebrush and grassland areas of western United States and Canada, also known as a Richardson ground squirrel, or a Citellus richardsoni. 

An antelope squirrel is small ground squirrel of western United States, also known as a whitetail antelope squirrel, an antelope chipmunk, or a Citellus leucurus. 

A rock squirrel is large grey ground squirrel of rocky areas of the southwestern United States, also known as a Citellus variegatus. 

A Arctic ground squirrel is large ground squirrel of the North American far north, also known as a parka squirrel, or a Citellus parryi. 

A suslik is rather large central Eurasian ground squirrel, also known as a souslik, or a Citellus citellus. 

A Asiatic flying squirrel is nocturnal rodent of Asia having furry folds of skin between forelegs and hind legs enabling it to move by gliding leaps. A Asiatic flying squirrel can, more specifically, be a taguan. 

A taguan is East Indian flying squirrel, also known as a flying marmot, a flying cat, or a Petaurista petaurista. 

A chipmunk is a burrowing ground squirrel of western America and Asia; has cheek pouches and a light and dark stripe running down the body. 

A jumping mouse is any of several primitive mouselike rodents with long hind legs and no cheek pouches; of woodlands of Eurasia and North America. A jumping mouse can, more specifically, be a meadow jumping mouse. 

A meadow jumping mouse is widely distributed in northeastern and central United States and Canada, also known as a Zapus hudsonius. 

A cotton rat is destructive long-haired burrowing rat of southern North America and Central America, also known as a Sigmodon hispidus. 

A jerboa is mouselike jumping rodent. A jerboa is either a Jaculus jaculus, or a typical jerboa. 

A Jaculus jaculus is a variety of jerboa. 

A typical jerboa is small nocturnal jumping rodent with long hind legs; of arid parts of Asia and northern Africa. 

A mole rat is furry short-limbed tailless rodent resembling a true mole in habits and appearance; of eastern Europe and Middle East. 

A rat is any of various long-tailed rodents similar to but larger than a mouse. A rat is either a pocket rat, a bandicoot rat, a black rat, a rice rat, a brown rat, or a jerboa rat. 

A pocket rat is any of various rodents with cheek pouches. A pocket rat is either a pocket mouse, a kangaroo mouse, a gopher, or a kangaroo rat. 

A pocket mouse is any of various small nocturnal burrowing desert rodents with cheek pouches and long hind legs and tail. A pocket mouse is either a hispid pocket mouse, a plains pocket mouse, a silky pocket mouse, or a Mexican pocket mouse. 

A hispid pocket mouse is large stiff-haired rodent of shortgrass prairies of United States, also known as a Perognathus hispidus. 

A plains pocket mouse is small rodent of open areas of United States plains states, also known as a Perognathus flavescens. 

A silky pocket mouse is small pale yellowish soft-furred rodent of southwestern United States and Mexico, also known as a Perognathus flavus. 

A Mexican pocket mouse is large pocket mouse of Mexico, also known as a Liomys irroratus. 

A kangaroo mouse is small silky-haired pouched rodent; similar to but smaller than kangaroo rats, also known as a dwarf pocket rat. 

A gopher is burrowing rodent of the family Geomyidae having large external cheek pouches; of Central America and southwestern North America, also known as a pocket gopher, or a pouched rat. A gopher is either a valley pocket gopher, a southeastern pocket gopher, a plains pocket gopher, or a northern pocket gopher. 

A valley pocket gopher is of valleys and mountain meadows of western United States, also known as a Thomomys bottae. 

A southeastern pocket gopher is gopher of Alabama and Georgia and Florida, also known as a Geomys pinetis. 

A plains pocket gopher is gopher of chiefly grasslands of central North America, also known as a Geomys bursarius. 

A northern pocket gopher is greyish to brown gopher of western and central United States, also known as a Thomomys talpoides. 

A kangaroo rat is any of various leaping rodents of desert regions of North America and Mexico; largest members of the family Heteromyidae, also known as a desert rat, or a Dipodomys phillipsii. A kangaroo rat can, more specifically, be a Ord kangaroo rat. 

A Ord kangaroo rat is most widely distributed kangaroo rat: plains and mountain areas of central and western United States, also known as a Dipodomys ordi. 

A bandicoot rat is burrowing scaly-tailed rat of India and Ceylon, also known as a mole rat. 

A black rat is common household pest originally from Asia that has spread worldwide, also known as a roof rat, or a Rattus rattus. 

A rice rat is hardy agile rat of grassy marshes of Mexico and the southeastern United States, also known as a Oryzomys palustris. 

A brown rat is common domestic rat; serious pest worldwide, also known as a Norway rat, or a Rattus norvegicus. A brown rat is either a sewer rat, or a wharf rat. 

A sewer rat is brown rat commonly found in sewers. 

A wharf rat is brown rat that infests wharves. 

A jerboa rat is large Australian rat with hind legs adapted for leaping. A jerboa rat can, more specifically, be a kangaroo mouse. 

A kangaroo mouse is leaping rodent of Australian desert areas. 

A paca is large burrowing rodent of South America and Central America; highly esteemed as food, also known as a Cuniculus paca. 

A sand rat is small nearly naked African mole rat of desert areas. 

A mouse is any of numerous small rodents typically resembling diminutive rats having pointed snouts and small ears on elongated bodies with slender usually hairless tails. A mouse is either a house mouse, a field mouse, a harvest mouse, a nude mouse, or a wood mouse. 

A house mouse is brownish-grey Old World mouse now a common household pest worldwide, also known as a Mus musculus. 

A field mouse is any nocturnal Old World mouse of the genus Apodemus inhabiting woods and fields and gardens, also known as a fieldmouse. A field mouse can, more specifically, be a European wood mouse. 

A European wood mouse is nocturnal yellowish-brown mouse inhabiting woods and fields and gardens, also known as a Apodemus sylvaticus. 

A harvest mouse is small reddish-brown Eurasian mouse inhabiting e.g. cornfields, also known as a Micromyx minutus. 

A nude mouse is a mouse with a genetic defect that prevents them from growing hair and also prevents them from immunologically rejecting human cells and tissues; widely used in preclinical trials. 

A wood mouse is any of various New World woodland mice. A wood mouse is either a cotton mouse, a cactus mouse, a pygmy mouse, a white-footed mouse, or a deer mouse. 

A cotton mouse is large dark mouse of southeastern United States, also known as a Peromyscus gossypinus. 

A cactus mouse is burrowing mouse of desert areas of southwestern United States, also known as a Peromyscus eremicus. 

A pygmy mouse is very small dark greyish brown mouse resembling a house mouse; of Texas and Mexico, also known as a Baiomys taylori. 

A white-footed mouse is American woodland mouse with white feet and underparts, also known as a vesper mouse, or a Peromyscus leucopus. 

A deer mouse is brownish New World mouse; most widely distributed member of the genus, also known as a Peromyscus maniculatus. 

A coypu is aquatic South American rodent resembling a small beaver; bred for its fur, also known as a nutria, or a Myocastor coypus. 

A pachyderm is any of various nonruminant hoofed mammals having very thick skin: elephant; rhinoceros; hippopotamus. A pachyderm can, more specifically, be a elephant. 

An elephant is five-toed pachyderm. An elephant is either a rogue elephant, a Indian elephant, a mammoth, a African elephant, or a gomphothere. 

A rogue elephant is a wild and vicious elephant separated from the herd. 

A Indian elephant is Asian elephant having smaller ears and tusks primarily in the male, also known as a Elephas maximus. A Indian elephant can, more specifically, be a white elephant. 

A white elephant is albinic Indian elephant; rare and sometimes venerated in east Asia. 

A mammoth is any of numerous extinct elephants widely distributed in the Pleistocene; extremely large with hairy coats and long upcurved tusks. A mammoth is either a columbian mammoth, an imperial mammoth, or a woolly mammoth. 

A columbian mammoth is a variety of mammoth, also known as a Mammuthus columbi. 

An imperial mammoth is largest known mammoth; of America, also known as an imperial elephant, or a Archidiskidon imperator. 

A woolly mammoth is very hairy mammoth common in colder portions of the northern hemisphere, also known as a northern mammoth, or a Mammuthus primigenius. 

A African elephant is an elephant native to Africa having enormous flapping ears and ivory tusks, also known as a Loxodonta africana. 

A gomphothere is extinct elephants of Central American and South America; of the Miocene and Pleistocene. 

A pangolin is toothless mammal of southern Africa and Asia having a body covered with horny scales and a long snout for feeding on ants and termites, also known as a scaly anteater, or an anteater. 

A hyrax is any of several small ungulate mammals of Africa and Asia with rodent-like incisors and feet with hooflike toes, also known as a coney, a cony, a dassie, or a das. A hyrax can, more specifically, be a rock hyrax. 

A rock hyrax is hyrax that lives in rocky areas, also known as a rock rabbit, or a Procavia capensis. 

An unguiculate is a mammal having nails or claws, also known as an unguiculate mammal. 

A doe is mature female of mammals of which the male is called `buck'. 

A plantigrade mammal is an animal that walks with the entire sole of the foot touching the ground as e.g. bears and human beings, also known as a plantigrade. 

A Unguiculata is in former classifications a major division of Mammalia comprising mammals with nails or claws; distinguished from hoofed mammals and cetaceans. 

An edentate is primitive terrestrial mammal with few if any teeth; of tropical Central America and South America. An edentate is either a mylodontid, a sloth, a megatherian, an armadillo, a mylodon, or an anteater. 

A mylodontid is a variety of extinct edentate. A mylodontid can, more specifically, be a mapinguari. 

A mapinguari is supposed human-sized sloth-like creature reportedly sighted by Indians in the Amazon rain forest. 

A sloth is any of several slow-moving arboreal mammals of South America and Central America; they hang from branches back downward and feed on leaves and fruits, also known as a tree sloth. A sloth is either a three-toed sloth, a two-toed sloth, or a two-toed sloth. 

A three-toed sloth is a sloth that has three long claws on each forefoot and each hindfoot, also known as an ai, or a Bradypus tridactylus. 

A two-toed sloth is a sloth of Central America that has two long claws on each forefoot and three long claws on each hindfoot, also known as an unau, an unai, or a Choloepus hoffmanni. 

A two-toed sloth is relatively small fast-moving sloth with two long claws on each front foot, also known as an unau, an unai, or a Choloepus didactylus. 

A megatherian is a large extinct ground sloth, also known as a megatheriid, or a megatherian mammal. A megatherian can, more specifically, be a ground sloth. 

A ground sloth is gigantic extinct terrestrial sloth-like mammal of the Pliocene and Pleistocene in America, also known as a megathere. 

An armadillo is burrowing chiefly nocturnal mammal with body covered with strong horny plates. An armadillo is either an apar, a peba, a giant armadillo, a pichiciago, a tatouay, a peludo, or a greater pichiciego. 

An apar is South American armadillo with three bands of bony plates, also known as a three-banded armadillo, or a Tolypeutes tricinctus. 

A peba is having nine hinged bands of bony plates; ranges from Texas to Paraguay, also known as a nine-banded armadillo, a Texas armadillo, or a Dasypus novemcinctus. 

A giant armadillo is about three feet long exclusive of tail, also known as a tatou, a tatu, or a Priodontes giganteus. 

A pichiciago is very small Argentine armadillo with pale silky hair and pink plates on head and neck, also known as a pichiciego, a fairy armadillo, a chlamyphore, or a Chlamyphorus truncatus. 

A tatouay is naked-tailed armadillo of tropical South America, also known as a cabassous, or a Cabassous unicinctus. 

A peludo is Argentine armadillo with six movable bands and hairy underparts, also known as a poyou, or a Euphractus sexcinctus. 

A greater pichiciego is of southern South America, also known as a Burmeisteria retusa. 

A mylodon is large (bear-sized) extinct edentate mammal of the Pleistocene in South America. 

An anteater is any of several tropical American mammals of the family Myrmecophagidae which lack teeth and feed on ants and termites, also known as a New World anteater. An anteater is either an ant bear, a tamandua, or a silky anteater. 

An ant bear is large shaggy-haired toothless anteater with long tongue and powerful claws; of South America, also known as a giant anteater, a great anteater, a tamanoir, or a Myrmecophaga jubata. 

A tamandua is small toothless anteater with prehensile tail and four-clawed forelimbs; of tropical South America and Central America, also known as a tamandu, a lesser anteater, or a Tamandua tetradactyla. 

A silky anteater is squirrel-sized South American toothless anteater with long silky golden fur, also known as a two-toed anteater, or a Cyclopes didactylus. 

A Ungulata is in former classifications a major division of Mammalia comprising all hoofed mammals; now divided into the orders Perissodactyla (odd-toed ungulates) and Artiodactyla (even-toed ungulates). 

A buck is mature male of various mammals (especially deer or antelope). A buck can, more specifically, be a stag. 

A stag is adult male deer. A stag can, more specifically, be a royal. 

A royal is stag with antlers of 12 or more branches, also known as a royal stag. 

A livestock is any animals kept for use or profit, also known as a stock, or a farm animal. 

A primate is any placental mammal of the order Primates; has good eyesight and flexible hands and feet. A primate is either an ape, a monkey, a prosimian, a simian, an anthropoid, a hominid, a hominoid, a tarsier, or a lemur. 

An ape is any of various primates with short tails or no tail at all. An ape can, more specifically, be a anthropoid ape. 

An anthropoid ape is any tailless ape of the families Pongidae and Hylobatidae. An anthropoid ape is either a lesser ape, or a great ape. 

A lesser ape is gibbons and siamangs. A lesser ape is either a siamang, or a gibbon. 

A siamang is large black gibbon of Sumatra having the 2nd and 3rd toes partially united by a web, also known as a Hylobates syndactylus, or a Symphalangus syndactylus. 

A gibbon is smallest and most perfectly anthropoid arboreal ape having long arms and no tail; of southern Asia and East Indies, also known as a Hylobates lar. 

A great ape is any of the large anthropoid apes of the family Pongidae, also known as a pongid. A great ape is either an orangutan, a chimpanzee, or a gorilla. 

An orangutan is large long-armed ape of Borneo and Sumatra having arboreal habits, also known as an orang, an orangutang, or a Pongo pygmaeus. 

A chimpanzee is intelligent somewhat arboreal ape of equatorial African forests, also known as a chimp, or a Pan troglodytes. A chimpanzee is either a western chimpanzee, an eastern chimpanzee, a pygmy chimpanzee, or a central chimpanzee. 

A western chimpanzee is masked or pale-faced chimpanzees of western Africa; distantly related to the eastern and central chimpanzees; possibly a distinct species, also known as a Pan troglodytes verus. 

An eastern chimpanzee is long-haired chimpanzees of east-central Africa; closely related to the central chimpanzees, also known as a Pan troglodytes schweinfurthii. 

A pygmy chimpanzee is small chimpanzee of swamp forests in Zaire; a threatened species, also known as a bonobo, or a Pan paniscus. 

A central chimpanzee is black-faced chimpanzees of central Africa; closely related to eastern chimpanzees, also known as a Pan troglodytes troglodytes. 

A gorilla is largest anthropoid ape; terrestrial and vegetarian; of forests of central west Africa, also known as a Gorilla gorilla. A gorilla is either a silverback, an eastern lowland gorilla, a mountain gorilla, or a western lowland gorilla. 

A silverback is an adult male gorilla with grey hairs across the back. 

An eastern lowland gorilla is a kind of gorilla, also known as a Gorilla gorilla grauri. 

A mountain gorilla is gorilla of Kivu highlands, also known as a Gorilla gorilla beringei. 

A western lowland gorilla is a kind of gorilla, also known as a Gorilla gorilla gorilla. 

A monkey is any of various long-tailed primates (excluding the prosimians). A monkey is either a New World monkey, or a Old World monkey. 

A New World monkey is hairy-faced arboreal monkeys having widely separated nostrils and long usually prehensile tails, also known as a platyrrhine, or a platyrrhinian. A New World monkey is either a howler monkey, a saki, a capuchin, a squirrel monkey, a spider monkey, a marmoset, an uakari, a douroucouli, a titi, or a woolly monkey. 

A howler monkey is monkey of tropical South American forests having a loud howling cry, also known as a howler. 

A saki is small arboreal monkey of tropical South America with long hair and bushy nonprehensile tail. 

A capuchin is monkey of Central America and South America having thick hair on the head that resembles a monk's cowl, also known as a ringtail, or a Cebus capucinus. 

A squirrel monkey is small long-tailed monkey of Central American and South America with greenish fur and black muzzle, also known as a Saimiri sciureus. 

A spider monkey is arboreal monkey of tropical America with long slender legs and long prehensile tail, also known as a Ateles geoffroyi. 

A marmoset is small soft-furred South American and Central American monkey with claws instead of nails. A marmoset is either a pygmy marmoset, a true marmoset, or a tamarin. 

A pygmy marmoset is the smallest monkey; of tropical forests of the Amazon, also known as a Cebuella pygmaea. 

A true marmoset is a marmoset. 

A tamarin is small South American marmoset with silky fur and long nonprehensile tail, also known as a lion monkey, a lion marmoset, or a leoncita. A tamarin is either a pinche, or a silky tamarin. 

A pinche is South American tamarin with a tufted head, also known as a Leontocebus oedipus. 

A silky tamarin is golden South American monkey with long soft hair forming a mane, also known as a Leontocebus rosalia. 

An uakari is medium-sized tree-dwelling monkey of the Amazon basin; only New World monkey with a short tail. 

A douroucouli is nocturnal monkey of Central America and South America with large eyes and thick fur, also known as a Aotus trivirgatus. 

A titi is small South American monkeys with long beautiful fur and long nonprehensile tail, also known as a titi monkey. 

A woolly monkey is large monkeys with dark skin and woolly fur of the Amazon and Orinoco basins. 

A Old World monkey is of Africa or Arabia or Asia; having nonprehensile tails and nostrils close together, also known as a catarrhine. A Old World monkey is either a langur, a colobus, a patas, a baboon, a mangabey, a macaque, a proboscis monkey, or a guenon. 

A langur is slender long-tailed monkey of Asia. A langur can, more specifically, be a entellus. 

An entellus is langur of southern Asia; regarded as sacred in India, also known as a hanuman, a Presbytes entellus, or a Semnopithecus entellus. 

A colobus is arboreal monkey of western and central Africa with long silky fur and reduced thumbs, also known as a colobus monkey. A colobus can, more specifically, be a guereza. 

A guereza is a colobus monkey with a reddish brown coat and white silky fringes down both sides of the body, also known as a Colobus guereza. 

A patas is reddish long-tailed monkey of west Africa, also known as a hussar monkey, or a Erythrocebus patas. 

A baboon is large terrestrial monkeys having doglike muzzles. A baboon is either a mandrill, a drill, or a chacma. 

A mandrill is baboon of west Africa with a bright red and blue muzzle and blue hindquarters, also known as a Mandrillus sphinx. 

A drill is similar to the mandrill but smaller and less brightly colored, also known as a Mandrillus leucophaeus. 

A chacma is greyish baboon of southern and eastern Africa, also known as a chacma baboon, or a Papio ursinus. 

A mangabey is large agile arboreal monkey with long limbs and tail and white upper eyelids. 

A macaque is short-tailed monkey of rocky regions of Asia and Africa. A macaque is either a rhesus, a crab-eating macaque, a Barbary ape, or a bonnet macaque. 

A rhesus is of southern Asia; used in medical research, also known as a rhesus monkey, or a Macaca mulatta. 

A crab-eating macaque is monkey of southeast Asia, Borneo and the Philippines, also known as a croo monkey, or a Macaca irus. 

A Barbary ape is tailless macaque of rocky cliffs and forests of northwestern Africa and Gibraltar, also known as a Macaca sylvana. 

A bonnet macaque is Indian macaque with a bonnet-like tuft of hair, also known as a bonnet monkey, a capped macaque, a crown monkey, or a Macaca radiata. 

A proboscis monkey is Borneo monkey having a long bulbous nose, also known as a Nasalis larvatus. 

A guenon is small slender African monkey having long hind limbs and tail and long hair around the face, also known as a guenon monkey. A guenon is either a grivet, a vervet, a green monkey, or a talapoin. 

A grivet is white and olive green East African monkey with long white tufts of hair beside the face, also known as a Cercopithecus aethiops. 

A vervet is South African monkey with black face and hands, also known as a vervet monkey, or a Cercopithecus aethiops pygerythrus. 

A green monkey is common savannah monkey with greenish-grey back and yellow tail, also known as a African green monkey, or a Cercopithecus aethiops sabaeus. 

A talapoin is smallest guenon monkey; of swampy central and west African forests, also known as a Cercopithecus talapoin. 

A prosimian is primitive primates having large ears and eyes and characterized by nocturnal habits. 

A simian is an ape or monkey. 

An anthropoid is any member of the suborder Anthropoidea including monkeys and apes and hominids. 

A hominid is a primate of the family Hominidae. A hominid is either an australopithecine, a Sivapithecus, a Sinanthropus, a Javanthropus, a dryopithecine, a Pithecanthropus, or a homo. 

An australopithecine is any of several extinct humanlike bipedal primates with relatively small brains of the genus Australopithecus; from 1 to 4 million years ago. An australopithecine is either a Paranthropus, a Australopithecus afarensis, a Zinjanthropus, a Australopithecus africanus, a Australopithecus boisei, or a Australopithecus robustus. 

A Paranthropus is former classification for Australopithecus robustus, also known as a genus Paranthropus. 

A Australopithecus afarensis is fossils found in Ethiopia; from 3.5 to 4 million years ago. 

A Zinjanthropus is genus to which Australopithecus boisei was formerly assigned, also known as a genus Zinjanthropus. 

A Australopithecus africanus is gracile hominid of southern Africa; from about 3 million years ago. 

A Australopithecus boisei is large-toothed hominid of eastern Africa; from 1 to 2 million years ago. 

A Australopithecus robustus is large-toothed hominid of southern Africa; from 1.5 to 2 million years ago; formerly Paranthropus. 

A Sivapithecus is fossil primates found in India. 

A Sinanthropus is genus to which Peking man was formerly assigned, also known as a genus Sinanthropus. 

A Javanthropus is former genus of primitive man; now Homo soloensis: comprises Solo man, also known as a genus Javanthropus. 

A dryopithecine is considered a possible ancestor to both anthropoid apes and humans. A dryopithecine can, more specifically, be a rudapithecus. 

A rudapithecus is fossil hominoids from northern central Hungary; late Miocene, also known as a Dryopithecus Rudapithecus hungaricus. 

A Pithecanthropus is former genus of primitive apelike men now Homo erectus, also known as a Pithecanthropus erectus, or a genus Pithecanthropus. 

A homo is any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage, also known as a man, a human being, or a human. A homo is either a world, a Homo habilis, a Homo sapiens, a Rhodesian man, a Homo soloensis, a Neandertal man, or a Homo erectus. 

A world is all of the living human inhabitants of the earth, also known as a human race, a humanity, a humankind, a human beings, a humans, a mankind, or a man. 

A Homo habilis is extinct species of upright East African hominid having some advanced humanlike characteristics. 

A Homo sapiens is the only surviving hominid; species to which modern man belongs; bipedal primate having language and ability to make and use complex tools; brain volume at least 1400 cc. A Homo sapiens is either a Cro-magnon, a Homo sapiens sapiens, or a Boskop man. 

A Cro-magnon is extinct human of Upper Paleolithic in Europe. 

A Homo sapiens sapiens is subspecies of Homo sapiens; includes all modern races, also known as a modern man. 

A Boskop man is possible early Homo sapiens represented by a cranium found in the Transvaal; formerly considered a separate species. 

A Rhodesian man is a primitive hominid resembling Neanderthal man but living in Africa, also known as a Homo rhodesiensis. 

A Homo soloensis is extinct primitive hominid of late Pleistocene; Java; formerly Javanthropus. A Homo soloensis can, more specifically, be a Solo man. 

A Solo man is early man of late Pleistocene; skull resembles that of Neanderthal man but with smaller cranial capacity; found in Java. 

A Neandertal man is extinct robust human of Middle Paleolithic in Europe and western Asia, also known as a Neanderthal man, a Neandertal, a Neanderthal, or a Homo sapiens neanderthalensis. 

A Homo erectus is extinct species of primitive hominid with upright stature but small brain. A Homo erectus is either a Java man, or a Peking man. 

A Java man is fossil remains found in Java; formerly called Pithecanthropus erectus, also known as a Trinil man. 

A Peking man is fossils found near Beijing, China; they were lost during World War II. 

A hominoid is a primate of the superfamily Hominoidea. A hominoid is either a Aegyptopithecus, a proconsul, or a Algeripithecus minutus. 

A Aegyptopithecus is extinct primate of about 38 million years ago; fossils found in Egypt. 

A proconsul is an anthropoid ape of the genus Proconsul. 

A Algeripithecus minutus is tiny (150 to 300 grams) extinct primate of 46 to 50 million years ago; fossils found in Algeria; considered by some authorities the leading candidate for the first anthropoid. 

A tarsier is nocturnal arboreal primate of Indonesia and the Philippines having huge eyes and digits ending in pads to facilitate climbing; the only primate that spurns all plant material as food living entirely on insects and small vertebrates. A tarsier is either a Tarsius syrichta, or a Tarsius glis. 

A Tarsius syrichta is a variety of tarsier. 

A Tarsius glis is a variety of tarsier. 

A lemur is large-eyed arboreal prosimian having foxy faces and long furry tails. A lemur is either a slender loris, a potto, a Madagascar cat, a galago, an indri, a woolly indris, an aye-aye, a slow loris, or an angwantibo. 

A slender loris is slim-bodied lemur of southern India and Sri Lanka, also known as a Loris gracilis. 

A potto is a kind of lemur, also known as a kinkajou, or a Perodicticus potto. 

A Madagascar cat is small lemur having its tail barred with black, also known as a ring-tailed lemur, or a Lemur catta. 

A galago is agile long-tailed nocturnal African lemur with dense woolly fur and large eyes and ears, also known as a bushbaby, or a bush baby. 

An indri is large short-tailed lemur of Madagascar having thick silky fur in black and white and fawn, also known as an indris, a Indri indri, or a Indri brevicaudatus. 

A woolly indris is nocturnal indris with thick grey-brown fur and a long tail, also known as a Avahi laniger. 

An aye-aye is nocturnal lemur with long bony fingers and rodent-like incisor teeth closely related to the lemurs, also known as a Daubentonia madagascariensis. 

A slow loris is stocky lemur of southeastern Asia, also known as a Nycticebus tardigradua, or a Nycticebus pygmaeus. 

An angwantibo is a kind of lemur, also known as a golden potto, or a Arctocebus calabarensis. 

A fossorial mammal is a burrowing mammal having limbs adapted for digging. A fossorial mammal is either a naked mole rat, or a Damaraland mole rat. 

A naked mole rat is fetal-looking colonial rodent of East Africa; neither mole nor rat; they feed on tubers and have a social structure similar to that of honeybees and termites. A naked mole rat can, more specifically, be a queen. 

A queen is an especially large mole rat and the only member of a colony of naked mole rats to bear offspring which are sired by only a few males, also known as a queen mole rat. 

A Damaraland mole rat is colonial mole rat of western Africa; similar to naked mole rat. 

An aquatic vertebrate is animal living wholly or chiefly in or on water. An aquatic vertebrate is either a jawless vertebrate, a fish, or a placoderm. 

A jawless vertebrate is eel-shaped vertebrate without jaws or paired appendages including the cyclostomes and some extinct forms, also known as a jawless fish, or an agnathan. A jawless vertebrate is either a cyclostome, a conodont, a heterostracan, a lamprey, an osteostracan, an anaspid, an ostracoderm, or a hagfish. 

A cyclostome is primitive aquatic vertebrate. 

A conodont is small (2 inches long) extinct eellike fish with a finned tail and a notochord and having cone-shaped teeth containing cellular bone; late Cambrian to late Triassic; possible predecessor of the cyclostomes. 

A heterostracan is extinct jawless fish with the anterior part of the body covered with bony plates; of the Silurian and Devonian. 

A lamprey is primitive eellike freshwater or anadromous cyclostome having round sucking mouth with a rasping tongue, also known as a lamprey eel, or a lamper eel. A lamprey can, more specifically, be a sea lamprey. 

A sea lamprey is large anadromous lamprey sometimes used as food; destructive of native fish fauna in the Great Lakes, also known as a Petromyzon marinus. 

An osteostracan is extinct jawless fish of the Devonian with armored head, also known as a cephalaspid. 

An anaspid is extinct small freshwater jawless fish usually having a heterocercal tail and an armored head; of the Silurian and Devonian. 

An ostracoderm is extinct fish-like jawless vertebrate having a heavily armored body; of the Paleozoic. 

A hagfish is eellike cyclostome having a tongue with horny teeth in a round mouth surrounded by eight tentacles; feeds on dead or trapped fishes by boring into their bodies, also known as a hag, or a slime eels. A hagfish is either a Myxinikela siroka, an eptatretus, or a Myxine glutinosa. 

A Myxinikela siroka is fossil hagfish of the Pennsylvanian period (c. 300 million years ago) that resembled modern hagfishes. 

An eptatretus is a fossil hagfish of the genus Eptatretus. 

A Myxine glutinosa is typical hagfish. 

A fish is any of various mostly cold-blooded aquatic vertebrates usually having scales and breathing through gills. A fish is either a mouthbreeder, a young fish, a bottom-feeder, a game fish, a climbing perch, a rough fish, a food fish, a northern snakehead, a bottom lurkers, a bony fish, a cartilaginous fish, a spawner, or a fingerling. 

A mouthbreeder is any of various fishes that carry their eggs and their young in their mouths. 

A young fish is a fish that is young. A young fish is either a whitebait, a brit, a parr, or a parr. 

A whitebait is the edible young of especially herrings and sprats and smelts. 

A brit is the young of a herring or sprat or similar fish, also known as a britt. 

A parr is a young salmon up to 2 years old. 

A parr is the young of various fishes. 

A bottom-feeder is a fish that lives and feeds on the bottom of a body of water, also known as a bottom-dweller. A bottom-feeder can, more specifically, be a mullet. 

A mullet is bottom dwelling marine warm water fishes with two barbels on the chin. A mullet can, more specifically, be a goatfish. 

A goatfish is brightly colored tropical fishes with chin barbels, also known as a red mullet, a surmullet, or a Mullus surmuletus. A goatfish is either a yellow goatfish, or a red goatfish. 

A yellow goatfish is schooling goatfish; greyish with yellow stripe, also known as a Mulloidichthys martinicus. 

A red goatfish is body bright scarlet with 2 yellow to reddish strips on side, also known as a Mullus auratus. 

A game fish is any fish providing sport for the angler, also known as a sport fish. 

A climbing perch is a small perch of India whose gills are modified to allow it to breathe air; has spiny pectoral fins that enable it to travel on land, also known as a Anabas testudineus, or a A. testudineus. 

A rough fish is any fish useless for food or sport or even as bait. 

A food fish is any fish used for food by human beings. A food fish is either a barracouta, a shad, a tuna, a sole, a herring, a groundfish, a trout, a sea bass, a whitefish, a salmon, a snapper, or a sardine. 

A barracouta is a large marine food fish common on the coasts of Australia, New Zealand, and southern Africa, also known as a snoek. 

A shad is herring-like food fishes that migrate from the sea to fresh water to spawn. A shad is either a common American shad, a river shad, or an allice shad. 

A common American shad is shad of Atlantic coast of North America; naturalized to Pacific coast, also known as a Alosa sapidissima. 

A river shad is shad that spawns in streams of the Mississippi drainage; very similar to Alosa sapidissima, also known as a Alosa chrysocloris. 

An allice shad is European shad, also known as an allis shad, an allice, an allis, or a Alosa alosa. 

A tuna is any very large marine food and game fish of the genus Thunnus; related to mackerel; chiefly of warm waters, also known as a tunny. A tuna is either a bluefin, a yellowfin, or an albacore. 

A bluefin is largest tuna; to 1500 pounds; of mostly temperate seas: feed in polar regions but breed in tropics, also known as a bluefin tuna, a horse mackerel, or a Thunnus thynnus. 

A yellowfin is may reach 400 pounds; worldwide in tropics, also known as a yellowfin tuna, or a Thunnus albacares. 

An albacore is large pelagic tuna the source of most canned tuna; reaches 93 pounds and has long pectoral fins; found worldwide in tropical and temperate waters, also known as a long-fin tunny, or a Thunnus alalunga. 

A sole is right-eyed flatfish; many are valued as food; most common in warm seas especially European. A sole is either a hogchoker, a European sole, a sand sole, a lemon sole, or a English sole. 

A hogchoker is useless as food; in coastal streams from Maine to Texas and Panama, also known as a Trinectes maculatus. 

A European sole is highly valued as food, also known as a Solea solea. 

A sand sole is a common flatfish of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a Psettichthys melanostichus. 

A lemon sole is small European sole, also known as a Solea lascaris. 

A English sole is popular pale brown food flatfish of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a lemon sole, or a Parophrys vitulus. 

A herring is commercially important food fish of northern waters of both Atlantic and Pacific, also known as a Clupea harangus. A herring is either a Pacific herring, or a Atlantic herring. 

A Pacific herring is important food fish of the northern Pacific, also known as a Clupea harengus pallasii. 

A Atlantic herring is important food fish; found in enormous shoals in the northern Atlantic, also known as a Clupea harengus harengus. 

A groundfish is fish that live on the sea bottom (particularly the commercially important gadoid fish like cod and haddock, or flatfish like flounder), also known as a bottom fish. 

A trout is any of various game and food fishes of cool fresh waters mostly smaller than typical salmons. A trout is either a rainbow trout, a brook trout, a brown trout, or a lake trout. 

A rainbow trout is found in Pacific coastal waters and streams from lower California to Alaska, also known as a Salmo gairdneri. 

A brook trout is North American freshwater trout; introduced in Europe, also known as a speckled trout, or a Salvelinus fontinalis. 

A brown trout is speckled trout of European rivers; introduced in North America, also known as a salmon trout, or a Salmo trutta. A brown trout can, more specifically, be a sea trout. 

A sea trout is silvery marine variety of brown trout that migrates to fresh water to spawn. 

A lake trout is large fork-tailed trout of lakes of Canada and the northern United States, also known as a salmon trout, or a Salvelinus namaycush. 

A sea bass is any of various food and sport fishes of the Atlantic coast of the United States having an elongated body and long spiny dorsal fin. A sea bass is either a striped bass, a stone bass, a grouper, a black sea bass, a blackmouth bass, a belted sandfish, or a rock sea bass. 

A striped bass is marine food and game fish with dark longitudinal stripes; migrates upriver to spawn; sometimes placed in the genus Morone, also known as a striper, a Roccus saxatilis, or a rockfish. 

A stone bass is brown fish of the Atlantic and Mediterranean found around rocks and shipwrecks, also known as a wreckfish, or a Polyprion americanus. 

A grouper is usually solitary bottom sea basses of warm seas. A grouper is either a hind, a jewfish, a coney, or a creole-fish. 

A hind is any of several mostly spotted fishes that resemble groupers. A hind can, more specifically, be a rock hind. 

A rock hind is found around rocky coasts or on reefs, also known as a Epinephelus adscensionis. 

A jewfish is large dark grouper with a thick head and rough scales, also known as a Mycteroperca bonaci. 

A coney is black-spotted usually dusky-colored fish with reddish fins, also known as a Epinephelus fulvus. 

A creole-fish is deep-sea fish of tropical Atlantic, also known as a Paranthias furcifer. 

A black sea bass is bluish black-striped sea bass of the Atlantic coast of the United States, also known as a black bass, or a Centropistes striata. 

A blackmouth bass is small marine fish with black mouth and gill cavity, also known as a Synagrops bellus. 

A belted sandfish is found in warm shallow waters of western Atlantic, also known as a Serranus subligarius. 

A rock sea bass is a kind of sea bass, also known as a rock bass, or a Centropristis philadelphica. 

A whitefish is silvery herring-like freshwater food fish of cold lakes of the northern hemisphere. A whitefish is either a Rocky Mountain whitefish, a round whitefish, a cisco, or a lake whitefish. 

A Rocky Mountain whitefish is whitefish of the western United States and Canada, also known as a Prosopium williamsonii. 

A round whitefish is a whitefish with a bronze back; of northern North America and Siberia, also known as a Menominee whitefish, or a Prosopium cylindraceum. 

A cisco is important food fish of cold deep lakes of North America, also known as a lake herring, or a Coregonus artedi. 

A lake whitefish is found in the Great Lakes and north to Alaska, also known as a Coregonus clupeaformis. 

A salmon is any of various large food and game fishes of northern waters; usually migrate from salt to fresh water to spawn. A salmon is either a blackfish, a chum salmon, a coho, a chinook, a sockeye, a redfish, or a Atlantic salmon. 

A blackfish is female salmon that has recently spawned. 

A chum salmon is a large Pacific salmon with small spots on its back; an important food fish, also known as a chum, or a Oncorhynchus keta. 

A coho is small salmon of northern Pacific coasts and the Great Lakes, also known as a cohoe, a coho salmon, a blue jack, a silver salmon, or a Oncorhynchus kisutch. 

A chinook is large Pacific salmon valued as food; adults die after spawning, also known as a chinook salmon, a king salmon, a quinnat salmon, or a Oncorhynchus tshawytscha. 

A sockeye is small salmon with red flesh; found in rivers and tributaries of the northern Pacific and valued as food; adults die after spawning, also known as a sockeye salmon, a red salmon, a blueback salmon, or a Oncorhynchus nerka. 

A redfish is male salmon that has recently spawned. 

A Atlantic salmon is found in northern coastal Atlantic waters or tributaries; adults do not die after spawning, also known as a Salmo salar. A Atlantic salmon can, more specifically, be a landlocked salmon. 

A landlocked salmon is Atlantic salmon confined to lakes of New England and southeastern Canada, also known as a lake salmon. 

A snapper is any of several large sharp-toothed marine food and sport fishes of the family Lutjanidae of mainly tropical coastal waters. A snapper is either a grey snapper, a red snapper, a yellowtail, a mutton snapper, or a schoolmaster. 

A grey snapper is found in shallow waters off the coast of Florida, also known as a gray snapper, a mangrove snapper, or a Lutjanus griseus. 

A red snapper is an esteemed food fish with pinkish red head and body; common in the Atlantic coastal waters of North America and the Gulf of Mexico, also known as a Lutjanus blackfordi. 

A yellowtail is superior food fish of the tropical Atlantic and Caribbean with broad yellow stripe along the sides and on the tail, also known as a yellowtail snapper, or a Ocyurus chrysurus. 

A mutton snapper is similar to and often marketed as `red snapper';, also known as a muttonfish, or a Lutjanus analis. 

A schoolmaster is food fish of warm Caribbean and Atlantic waters, also known as a Lutjanus apodus. 

A sardine is any of various small edible herring or related food fishes frequently canned. A sardine is either a brisling, or a sild. 

A brisling is small herring processed like a sardine, also known as a sprat, or a Clupea sprattus. 

A sild is any of various young herrings (other than brislings) canned as sardines in Norway. 

A northern snakehead is a voracious freshwater fish that is native to northeastern China; can use fin to walk and can survive out of water for three days; a threat to American populations of fish. 

A bottom lurkers is a fish that lurks on the bottom of a body of water. 

A bony fish is any fish of the class Osteichthyes. A bony fish is either a lungfish, a teleost fish, or a crossopterygian. 

A lungfish is air-breathing fish having an elongated body and fleshy paired fins; certain species construct mucus-lined mud coverings in which to survive drought. A lungfish can, more specifically, be a ceratodus. 

A ceratodus is extinct lungfish. 

A teleost fish is a bony fish of the subclass Teleostei, also known as a teleost, or a teleostan. A teleost fish is either a flying fish, a sweeper, a pipefish, a saury, a halfbeak, a shrimpfish, a trumpetfish, a spiny-finned fish, a ganoid, a soft-finned fish, a needlefish, a snipefish, or a cornetfish. 

A flying fish is tropical marine fishes having enlarged winglike fins used for brief gliding flight. A flying fish is either a biplane flying fish, or a monoplane flying fish. 

A biplane flying fish is having both pectoral and pelvic fins enlarged, also known as a four-wing flying fish. 

A monoplane flying fish is having only pectoral fins enlarged, also known as a two-wing flying fish. 

A sweeper is little-known nocturnal fish of warm shallow seas with an oblong compressed body. 

A pipefish is fish with long tubular snout and slim body covered with bony plates, also known as a needlefish. A pipefish is either a seahorse, a deepwater pipefish, or a dwarf pipefish. 

A seahorse is small fish with horse-like heads bent sharply downward and curled tails; swim in upright position, also known as a sea horse. 

A deepwater pipefish is a fish 8 inches long; found from eastern Florida to western Caribbean, also known as a Cosmocampus profundus. 

A dwarf pipefish is small (4 inches) fish found off the Florida Gulf Coast, also known as a Syngnathus hildebrandi. 

A saury is slender long-beaked fish of temperate Atlantic waters, also known as a billfish, or a Scomberesox saurus. 

A halfbeak is tropical and subtropical marine and freshwater fishes having an elongated body and long protruding lower jaw. 

A shrimpfish is slender tropical shallow-water East Indian fish covered with transparent plates, also known as a shrimp-fish. 

A trumpetfish is tropical Atlantic fish with a long snout; swims snout down, also known as a Aulostomus maculatus. 

A spiny-finned fish is a teleost fish with fins that are supported by sharp inflexible rays, also known as an acanthopterygian. A spiny-finned fish is either a scorpaenoid, a silversides, a flatfish, an anomalops, a flashlight fish, a boarfish, a dory, a batfish, a frogfish, a sand lance, a percoid fish, a toadfish, a plectognath, a barracuda, a sargassum fish, a stickleback, a boarfish, a squirrelfish, a remora, a dragonet, or a goosefish. 

A scorpaenoid is fishes having the head armored with bony plates, also known as a scorpaenoid fish. A scorpaenoid is either a poacher, a sculpin, a gurnard, a scorpaenid, a snailfish, a flathead, a lumpfish, a lingcod, a flying gurnard, or a greenling. 

A poacher is small slender fish (to 8 inches) with body covered by bony plates; chiefly of deeper northern Pacific waters, also known as a sea poacher, or a sea poker. A poacher is either a pogge, or an alligatorfish. 

A pogge is northern Atlantic sea poacher, also known as an armed bullhead, or a Agonus cataphractus. 

An alligatorfish is small very elongate sea poachers, also known as a Aspidophoroides monopterygius. 

A sculpin is any of numerous spiny large-headed usually scaleless scorpaenoid fishes with broad mouths. A sculpin is either a miller's-thumb, a grubby, a bullhead, or a sea raven. 

A miller's-thumb is small freshwater sculpin of Europe and North America. 

A grubby is small sculpin of the coast of New England, also known as a Myxocephalus aenaeus. 

A bullhead is freshwater sculpin with a large flattened bony-plated head with hornlike spines. 

A sea raven is large sculpin of western Atlantic; inflates itself when caught, also known as a Hemitripterus americanus. 

A gurnard is bottom-dwelling coastal fishes with spiny armored heads and fingerlike pectoral fins used for crawling along the sea bottom. A gurnard is either a sea robin, or a tub gurnard. 

A sea robin is American gurnard; mostly found in bays and estuaries, also known as a searobin. A sea robin is either a northern sea robin, or an armored searobin. 

A northern sea robin is large searobin; found from Nova Scotia to Florida, also known as a Prionotus carolinus. 

An armored searobin is sea robins having bony scutes on the body and barbels on the chin; found mostly on the continental slope, also known as an armored sea robin, or a Peristedion miniatum. 

A tub gurnard is a kind of gurnard, also known as a yellow gurnard, or a Trigla lucerna. 

A scorpaenid is any of numerous carnivorous usually bottom-dwelling warm-water marine fishes found worldwide but most abundant in the Pacific, also known as a scorpaenid fish. A scorpaenid is either a stonefish, a lionfish, a scorpionfish, or a rockfish. 

A stonefish is venomous tropical marine fish resembling a piece of rock, also known as a Synanceja verrucosa. 

A lionfish is brightly striped fish of the tropical Pacific having elongated spiny fins. 

A scorpionfish is marine fishes having a tapering body with an armored head and venomous spines, also known as a scorpion fish, or a sea scorpion. A scorpionfish can, more specifically, be a plumed scorpionfish. 

A plumed scorpionfish is a kind of scorpionfish, also known as a Scorpaena grandicornis. 

A rockfish is marine food fish found among rocks along the northern coasts of Europe and America. A rockfish is either a vermillion rockfish, a copper rockfish, a rosefish, or a red rockfish. 

A vermillion rockfish is a commercially important fish of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a rasher, or a Sebastodes miniatus. 

A copper rockfish is a rockfish of the Pacific coastal waters of North America, also known as a Sebastodes caurinus. 

A rosefish is large fish of northern Atlantic coasts of America and Europe, also known as an ocean perch, or a Sebastodes marinus. 

A red rockfish is a large fish of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a Sebastodes ruberrimus. 

A snailfish is small tadpole-shaped cold-water fishes with pelvic fins forming a sucker; related to lumpfish, also known as a seasnail, a sea snail, or a Liparis liparis. 

A flathead is food fish of the Indonesian region of the Pacific; resembles gurnards. 

A lumpfish is clumsy soft thick-bodied northern Atlantic fish with pelvic fins fused into a sucker; edible roe used for caviar, also known as a Cyclopterus lumpus. A lumpfish can, more specifically, be a lumpsucker. 

A lumpsucker is any of several very small lumpfishes. 

A lingcod is food fish of the northern Pacific related to greenlings, also known as a Ophiodon elongatus. 

A flying gurnard is tropical fish with huge fanlike pectoral fins for underwater gliding; unrelated to searobins, also known as a flying robin, or a butterflyfish. 

A greenling is food fish of the northern Pacific. A greenling is either a kelp greenling, or a painted greenling. 

A kelp greenling is common food and sport fish of western coast of North America, also known as a Hexagrammos decagrammus. 

A painted greenling is greenling with whitish body marked with black bands, also known as a convict fish, a convictfish, or a Oxylebius pictus. 

A silversides is small fishes having a silver stripe along each side; abundant along the Atlantic coast of the United States, also known as a silverside. A silversides can, more specifically, be a jacksmelt. 

A jacksmelt is a relatively large silversides of the Pacific coast of North America (known to reach 18 inches in length), also known as a Atherinopsis californiensis. 

A flatfish is any of several families of fishes having flattened bodies that swim along the sea floor on one side of the body with both eyes on the upper side. A flatfish is either a lefteye flounder, a flounder, a righteye flounder, a tonguefish, a sole, or a halibut. 

A lefteye flounder is flatfishes with both eyes on the left side of the head, also known as a lefteyed flounder. A lefteye flounder is either a sand dab, a whiff, a turbot, a summer flounder, a windowpane, a grey flounder, a southern flounder, or a brill. 

A sand dab is small food fishes of the Pacific coast of North America. 

A whiff is a lefteye flounder found in coastal waters from New England to Brazil. A whiff can, more specifically, be a horned whiff. 

A horned whiff is a whiff found in waters from the Bahamas and northern Gulf of Mexico to Brazil, also known as a Citharichthys cornutus. 

A turbot is a large brownish European flatfish, also known as a Psetta maxima. 

A summer flounder is flounder of eastern coast of North America, also known as a Paralichthys dentatus. 

A windowpane is very thin translucent flounder of the Atlantic coast of North America, also known as a Scophthalmus aquosus. 

A grey flounder is flounder found from North Carolina to Florida and the eastern Gulf of Mexico, also known as a gray flounder, or a Etropus rimosus. 

A southern flounder is flounder of southern United States, also known as a Paralichthys lethostigmus. 

A brill is European food fish, also known as a Scophthalmus rhombus. 

A flounder is any of various European and non-European marine flatfish. 

A righteye flounder is flounders with both eyes on the right side of the head, also known as a righteyed flounder. A righteye flounder is either a American plaice, a winter flounder, a European flatfish, a plaice, a Pacific halibut, a lemon sole, a yellowtail flounder, or a Atlantic halibut. 

A American plaice is large American food fish, also known as a Hippoglossoides platessoides. 

A winter flounder is important American food fish in the winter, also known as a blackback flounder, a lemon sole, or a Pseudopleuronectes americanus. 

A European flatfish is important food fish of Europe, also known as a Platichthys flesus. 

A plaice is large European food fish, also known as a Pleuronectes platessa. 

A Pacific halibut is a righteye flounder found in the Pacific, also known as a Hippoglossus stenolepsis. 

A lemon sole is European flatfish highly valued as food, also known as a Microstomus kitt. 

A yellowtail flounder is American flounder having a yellowish tail, also known as a Limanda ferruginea. 

A Atlantic halibut is largest United States flatfish, also known as a Hippoglossus hippoglossus. 

A tonguefish is left-eyed marine flatfish whose tail tapers to a point; of little commercial value, also known as a tongue-fish. 

A sole is right-eyed flatfish; many are valued as food; most common in warm seas especially European. A sole is either a hogchoker, a European sole, a sand sole, a lemon sole, or a English sole. 

A hogchoker is useless as food; in coastal streams from Maine to Texas and Panama, also known as a Trinectes maculatus. 

A European sole is highly valued as food, also known as a Solea solea. 

A sand sole is a common flatfish of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a Psettichthys melanostichus. 

A lemon sole is small European sole, also known as a Solea lascaris. 

A English sole is popular pale brown food flatfish of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a lemon sole, or a Parophrys vitulus. 

A halibut is marine food fish of the northern Atlantic or northern Pacific; the largest flatfish and one of the largest teleost fishes, also known as a holibut. 

An anomalops is fish having a luminous organ beneath eye; of warm waters of the western Pacific and Puerto Rico, also known as a flashlight fish. 

A flashlight fish is fish of deep dark waters having a light organ below each eye, also known as a Photoblepharon palpebratus. 

A boarfish is fish with a projecting snout, also known as a Capros aper. 

A dory is marine fishes widely distributed in mid-waters and deep slope waters. A dory can, more specifically, be a John Dory. 

A John Dory is European dory, also known as a Zeus faber. 

A batfish is bottom-dweller of warm western Atlantic coastal waters having a flattened scaleless body that crawls about on fleshy pectoral and pelvic fins. 

A frogfish is fish having a frog-like mouth with a lure on the snout. 

A sand lance is very small silvery eellike schooling fishes that burrow into sandy beaches, also known as a sand launce, a sand eel, or a launce. 

A percoid fish is any of numerous spiny-finned fishes of the order Perciformes, also known as a percoid, or a percoidean. A percoid fish is either a cusk-eel, a robalo, a pearlfish, a wrasse, a sleeper, a mullet, a cobia, a sunfish, a sea chub, a brotula, a surgeonfish, a bigeye, a sea bream, a stargazer, a mullet, a cutlassfish, a pike, a carangid fish, a tripletail, a tilefish, a mojarra, a goby, a flathead, a jawfish, a cardinalfish, a dolphinfish, a snapper, a butterfly fish, a scombroid, a perch, a worm fish, a threadfin, a parrotfish, a perch, a cichlid, a butterfish, a blennioid fish, a surfperch, a bass, a blanquillo, an archerfish, a catalufa, a grunt, a whiting, a sandfish, a sparid, a sciaenid fish, a clingfish, a gempylid, a serranid fish, a bluefish, a sand stargazer, a damselfish, or a spadefish. 

A cusk-eel is elongate compressed somewhat eel-shaped fishes. 

A robalo is a kind of percoid fish. A robalo can, more specifically, be a snook. 

A snook is large tropical American food and game fishes of coastal and brackish waters; resemble pike. 

A pearlfish is found living within the alimentary canals of e.g. sea cucumbers or between the shells of pearl oysters in or near shallow seagrass beds, also known as a pearl-fish. 

A wrasse is chiefly tropical marine fishes with fleshy lips and powerful teeth; usually brightly colored. A wrasse is either a slippery dick, a bluehead, a hogfish, a pigfish, a tautog, a puddingwife, a cunner, or a razor fish. 

A slippery dick is small wrasse of tropical Atlantic, also known as a Halicoeres bivittatus. 

A bluehead is small Atlantic wrasse the male of which has a brilliant blue head, also known as a Thalassoma bifasciatum. 

A hogfish is large wrasse of western Atlantic; head of male resembles a pig's snout, also known as a hog snapper, or a Lachnolaimus maximus. 

A pigfish is found around the Great Barrier Reef, also known as a giant pigfish, or a Achoerodus gouldii. 

A tautog is large dark-colored food fish of the Atlantic coast of North America, also known as a blackfish, or a Tautoga onitis. 

A puddingwife is bluish and bronze wrasse; found from Florida keys to Brazil, also known as a pudding-wife, or a Halicoeres radiatus. 

A cunner is common in north Atlantic coastal waters of the United States, also known as a bergall, or a Tautogolabrus adspersus. 

A razor fish is any of several small wrasses with compressed sharp-edged heads of the West Indies and Mediterranean, also known as a razor-fish. A razor fish can, more specifically, be a pearly razorfish. 

A pearly razorfish is a kind of razor fish, also known as a Hemipteronatus novacula. 

A sleeper is tropical fish that resembles a goby and rests quietly on the bottom in shallow water, also known as a sleeper goby. 

A mullet is freshwater or coastal food fishes a spindle-shaped body; found worldwide, also known as a grey mullet, or a gray mullet. A mullet is either a liza, a striped mullet, or a white mullet. 

A liza is similar to the striped mullet and takes its place in the Caribbean region, also known as a Mugil liza. 

A striped mullet is most important commercial mullet in eastern United States, also known as a Mugil cephalus. 

A white mullet is silvery mullet of Atlantic and Pacific coasts, also known as a Mugil curema. 

A cobia is large dark-striped tropical food and game fish related to remoras; found worldwide in coastal to open waters, also known as a Rachycentron canadum, or a sergeant fish. 

A sunfish is small carnivorous freshwater percoid fishes of North America usually having a laterally compressed body and metallic luster: crappies; black bass; bluegills; pumpkinseed, also known as a centrarchid. A sunfish is either a crappie, a rock bass, a freshwater bream, a black bass, or a pumpkinseed. 

A crappie is small sunfishes of central United States rivers. A crappie is either a black crappie, or a white crappie. 

A black crappie is a crappie that is black, also known as a Pomoxis nigromaculatus. 

A white crappie is a crappie that is white, also known as a Pomoxis annularis. 

A rock bass is game and food fish of upper Mississippi and Great Lakes, also known as a rock sunfish, or a Ambloplites rupestris. 

A freshwater bream is any of various usually edible freshwater percoid fishes having compressed bodies and shiny scales; especially (but not exclusively) of the genus Lepomis, also known as a bream. A freshwater bream is either a European bream, a spotted sunfish, or a bluegill. 

A European bream is European freshwater fish having a flattened body and silvery scales; of little value as food, also known as a Abramis brama. 

A spotted sunfish is inhabits streams from South Carolina to Florida; esteemed panfish, also known as a stumpknocker, or a Lepomis punctatus. 

A bluegill is important edible sunfish of eastern and central United States, also known as a Lepomis macrochirus. 

A black bass is widely distributed and highly prized American freshwater game fishes (sunfish family). A black bass is either a largemouth, a smallmouth, or a Kentucky black bass. 

A largemouth is a large black bass; the angle of the jaw falls behind the eye, also known as a largemouth bass, a largemouthed bass, a largemouth black bass, a largemouthed black bass, or a Micropterus salmoides. 

A smallmouth is a variety of black bass; the angle of the jaw falls below the eye, also known as a smallmouth bass, a smallmouthed bass, a smallmouth black bass, a smallmouthed black bass, or a Micropterus dolomieu. 

A Kentucky black bass is a variety of black bass, also known as a spotted black bass, or a Micropterus pseudoplites. 

A pumpkinseed is small brilliantly colored North American sunfish, also known as a Lepomis gibbosus. 

A sea chub is schooling fishes mostly of Indian and western Pacific oceans; two species in western Atlantic. A sea chub can, more specifically, be a Bermuda chub. 

A Bermuda chub is food and game fish around Bermuda and Florida; often follow ships, also known as a rudderfish, or a Kyphosus sectatrix. 

A brotula is deep-sea fishes. 

A surgeonfish is brightly colored coral-reef fish with knifelike spines at the tail. A surgeonfish can, more specifically, be a doctorfish. 

A doctorfish is surgeon fish of the West Indies, also known as a doctor-fish, or a Acanthurus chirurgus. 

A bigeye is red fishes of American coastal tropical waters having very large eyes and rough scales. 

A sea bream is any of numerous marine percoid fishes especially (but not exclusively) of the family Sparidae, also known as a bream. A sea bream is either a porgy, a European sea bream, a Atlantic sea bream, a black bream, or a pomfret. 

A porgy is important deep-bodied food and sport fish of warm and tropical coastal waters; found worldwide. A porgy is either a sheepshead porgy, a scup, a scup, or a red porgy. 

A sheepshead porgy is from Florida and Bahamas to Brazil, also known as a Calamus penna. 

A scup is found in Atlantic coastal waters of North America from South Carolina to Maine; esteemed as a panfish, also known as a northern porgy, a northern scup, or a Stenotomus chrysops. 

A scup is porgy of southern Atlantic coastal waters of North America, also known as a southern porgy, a southern scup, or a Stenotomus aculeatus. 

A red porgy is food fish of the Mediterranean and Atlantic coasts of Europe and America, also known as a Pagrus pagrus. 

A European sea bream is food fish of European coastal waters, also known as a Pagellus centrodontus. 

A Atlantic sea bream is sea bream of warm Atlantic waters, also known as a Archosargus rhomboidalis. 

A black bream is important dark-colored edible food and game fish of Australia, also known as a Chrysophrys australis. 

A pomfret is deep-bodied sooty-black pelagic spiny-finned fish of the northern Atlantic and northern Pacific; valued for food, also known as a Brama raii. 

A stargazer is heavy-bodied marine bottom-lurkers with eyes on flattened top of the head. 

A mullet is bottom dwelling marine warm water fishes with two barbels on the chin. A mullet can, more specifically, be a goatfish. 

A goatfish is brightly colored tropical fishes with chin barbels, also known as a red mullet, a surmullet, or a Mullus surmuletus. A goatfish is either a yellow goatfish, or a red goatfish. 

A yellow goatfish is schooling goatfish; greyish with yellow stripe, also known as a Mulloidichthys martinicus. 

A red goatfish is body bright scarlet with 2 yellow to reddish strips on side, also known as a Mullus auratus. 

A cutlassfish is long-bodied marine fishes having a long whiplike scaleless body and sharp teeth; closely related to snake mackerel, also known as a frost fish, or a hairtail. 

A pike is any of several elongate long-snouted freshwater game and food fishes widely distributed in cooler parts of the northern hemisphere. A pike is either a northern pike, a pickerel, or a muskellunge. 

A northern pike is voracious piscivorous pike of waters of northern hemisphere, also known as a Esox lucius. 

A pickerel is any of several North American species of small pike. A pickerel is either a chain pickerel, or a redfin pickerel. 

A chain pickerel is common in quiet waters of eastern United States, also known as a chain pike, or a Esox niger. 

A redfin pickerel is small but gamy pickerel of Atlantic coastal states, also known as a barred pickerel, or a Esox americanus. 

A muskellunge is large (60 to 80 pounds) sport fish of North America, also known as a Esox masquinongy. 

A carangid fish is a percoid fish of the family Carangidae, also known as a carangid. A carangid fish is either a pilotfish, a pompano, a scad, a jack, or a moonfish. 

A pilotfish is small pelagic fish often accompanying sharks or mantas, also known as a Naucrates ductor. 

A pompano is any of several deep-bodied food fishes of western Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico. A pompano is either a permit, or a Florida pompano. 

A permit is large game fish; found in waters of the West Indies, also known as a Trachinotus falcatus. 

A Florida pompano is found in coastal waters New England to Brazil except clear waters of West Indies, also known as a Trachinotus carolinus. 

A scad is any of a number of fishes of the family Carangidae. A scad is either a bigeye scad, a horse mackerel, a horse mackerel, a mackerel scad, or a round scad. 

A bigeye scad is of Atlantic coastal waters; commonly used for bait, also known as a big-eyed scad, a goggle-eye, or a Selar crumenophthalmus. 

A horse mackerel is large elongated compressed food fish of the Atlantic waters of Europe, also known as a saurel, or a Trachurus trachurus. 

A horse mackerel is a California food fish, also known as a jack mackerel, a Spanish mackerel, a saurel, or a Trachurus symmetricus. 

A mackerel scad is small silvery fish; Nova Scotia to Brazil, also known as a mackerel shad, or a Decapterus macarellus. 

A round scad is small fusiform fish of western Atlantic, also known as a cigarfish, a quiaquia, or a Decapterus punctatus. 

A jack is any of several fast-swimming predacious fishes of tropical to warm temperate seas. A jack is either a runner, a rainbow runner, a leatherjacket, a threadfish, a crevalle jack, a kingfish, a rudderfish, an amberjack, a yellowtail, or a yellow jack. 

A runner is fish of western Atlantic: Cape Cod to Brazil, also known as a blue runner, or a Caranx crysos. 

A rainbow runner is streamlined cigar-shaped jack; good game fish, also known as a Elagatis bipinnulata. 

A leatherjacket is any of several New World tropical fishes having tiny embedded scales, also known as a leatherjack. 

A threadfish is fish having greatly elongated front rays on dorsal and anal fins, also known as a thread-fish, or a Alectis ciliaris. 

A crevalle jack is fish of western Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico, also known as a jack crevalle, or a Caranx hippos. 

A kingfish is large game fish of Australia and New Zealand, also known as a Seriola grandis. 

A rudderfish is fish having the habit of following ships; found in North American and South American coastal waters, also known as a banded rudderfish, or a Seriola zonata. 

An amberjack is any of several amber to coppery fork-tailed warm-water carangid fishes, also known as an amberfish. 

A yellowtail is game fish of southern California and Mexico having a yellow tail fin, also known as a Seriola dorsalis. 

A yellow jack is fish of western Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico, also known as a Caranx bartholomaei. 

A moonfish is any of several silvery marine fishes with very flat bodies, also known as a Atlantic moonfish, a horsefish, a horsehead, a horse-head, a dollarfish, or a Selene setapinnis. A moonfish can, more specifically, be a lookdown. 

A lookdown is similar to moonfish but with eyes high on the truncated forehead, also known as a lookdown fish, or a Selene vomer. 

A tripletail is large food fish of warm waters worldwide having long anal and dorsal fins that with a caudal fin suggest a three-lobed tail. A tripletail is either a Pacific tripletail, or a Atlantic tripletail. 

A Pacific tripletail is tripletail found in the Pacific, also known as a Lobotes pacificus. 

A Atlantic tripletail is tripletail found from Cape Cod to northern South America, also known as a Lobotes surinamensis. 

A tilefish is yellow-spotted violet food fish of warm deep waters, also known as a Lopholatilus chamaeleonticeps. 

A mojarra is small silvery schooling fishes with protrusible mouths found in warm coastal waters. A mojarra is either a yellowfin mojarra, or a silver jenny. 

A yellowfin mojarra is popular panfish from Bermuda and Gulf of Mexico to Brazil, also known as a Gerres cinereus. 

A silver jenny is silvery mojarra found along sandy shores of the western Atlantic, also known as a Eucinostomus gula. 

A goby is small spiny-finned fish of coastal or brackish waters having a large head and elongated tapering body having the ventral fins modified as a sucker, also known as a gudgeon. A goby can, more specifically, be a mudskipper. 

A mudskipper is found in tropical coastal regions of Africa and Asia; able to move on land on strong pectoral fins, also known as a mudspringer. 

A flathead is pallid bottom-dwelling flat-headed fish with large eyes and a duck-like snout. 

A jawfish is small large-mouthed tropical marine fishes common along sandy bottoms; males brood egg balls in their mouths; popular aquarium fishes. 

A cardinalfish is small red fishes of coral reefs and inshore tropical waters. A cardinalfish is either a flame fish, or a conchfish. 

A flame fish is a cardinalfish found in tropical Atlantic coastal waters, also known as a flamefish, or a Apogon maculatus. 

A conchfish is found in West Indies; lives in mantle cavity of a living conch, also known as a Astropogon stellatus. 

A dolphinfish is large slender food and game fish widely distributed in warm seas (especially around Hawaii), also known as a dolphin, or a mahimahi. A dolphinfish is either a Coryphaena hippurus, or a Coryphaena equisetis. 

A Coryphaena hippurus is the more common dolphinfish valued as food; about six feet long. 

A Coryphaena equisetis is a kind of dolphinfish. 

A snapper is any of several large sharp-toothed marine food and sport fishes of the family Lutjanidae of mainly tropical coastal waters. A snapper is either a grey snapper, a red snapper, a yellowtail, a mutton snapper, or a schoolmaster. 

A grey snapper is found in shallow waters off the coast of Florida, also known as a gray snapper, a mangrove snapper, or a Lutjanus griseus. 

A red snapper is an esteemed food fish with pinkish red head and body; common in the Atlantic coastal waters of North America and the Gulf of Mexico, also known as a Lutjanus blackfordi. 

A yellowtail is superior food fish of the tropical Atlantic and Caribbean with broad yellow stripe along the sides and on the tail, also known as a yellowtail snapper, or a Ocyurus chrysurus. 

A mutton snapper is similar to and often marketed as `red snapper';, also known as a muttonfish, or a Lutjanus analis. 

A schoolmaster is food fish of warm Caribbean and Atlantic waters, also known as a Lutjanus apodus. 

A butterfly fish is small usually brilliantly colored tropical marine fishes having narrow deep bodies with large broad fins; found worldwide. A butterfly fish is either a rock beauty, an angelfish, or a chaetodon. 

A rock beauty is gold and black butterflyfish found from West Indies to Brazil, also known as a Holocanthus tricolor. 

An angelfish is a butterfly fish of the genus Pomacanthus. 

A chaetodon is any fish of the genus Chaetodon. 

A scombroid is important marine food and game fishes found in all tropical and temperate seas; some are at least partially endothermic and can thrive in colder waters, also known as a scombroid fish. A scombroid is either a bonito, a skipjack, a swordfish, a tuna, a squaretail, a mackerel, a sailfish, a billfish, a bonito, or a louvar. 

A bonito is any of various scombroid fishes intermediate in size and characteristics between mackerels and tunas. A bonito is either a Chile bonito, or a skipjack. 

A Chile bonito is common bonito of Pacific coast of the Americas; its dark oily flesh cans well, also known as a Chilean bonito, a Pacific bonito, or a Sarda chiliensis. 

A skipjack is medium-sized tuna-like food fish of warm Atlantic and Pacific waters; less valued than tuna, also known as a Atlantic bonito, or a Sarda sarda. 

A skipjack is oceanic schooling tuna of considerable value in Pacific but less in Atlantic; reaches 75 pounds; very similar to if not the same as oceanic bonito, also known as a skipjack tuna, or a Euthynnus pelamis. 

A swordfish is large toothless marine food fish with a long swordlike upper jaw; not completely cold-blooded i.e. they are able to warm their brains and eyes: worldwide in warm waters but feed on cold ocean floor coming to surface at night, also known as a Xiphias gladius. 

A tuna is any very large marine food and game fish of the genus Thunnus; related to mackerel; chiefly of warm waters, also known as a tunny. A tuna is either a bluefin, a yellowfin, or an albacore. 

A bluefin is largest tuna; to 1500 pounds; of mostly temperate seas: feed in polar regions but breed in tropics, also known as a bluefin tuna, a horse mackerel, or a Thunnus thynnus. 

A yellowfin is may reach 400 pounds; worldwide in tropics, also known as a yellowfin tuna, or a Thunnus albacares. 

An albacore is large pelagic tuna the source of most canned tuna; reaches 93 pounds and has long pectoral fins; found worldwide in tropical and temperate waters, also known as a long-fin tunny, or a Thunnus alalunga. 

A squaretail is sluggish square-tailed fish armored with tough bony scales; of deep warm waters. 

A mackerel is any of various fishes of the family Scombridae. A mackerel is either a Spanish mackerel, a chub mackerel, a common mackerel, a wahoo, or a Spanish mackerel. 

A Spanish mackerel is any of several large marine food fishes of the genus Scomberomorus. A Spanish mackerel is either a king mackerel, a cero, a sierra, or a Scomberomorus maculatus. 

A king mackerel is large mackerel with long pointed snout; important food and game fish of the eastern Atlantic coast southward to Brazil, also known as a cavalla, a cero, or a Scomberomorus cavalla. 

A cero is large edible mackerel of temperate United States coastal Atlantic waters, also known as a pintado, a kingfish, or a Scomberomorus regalis. 

A sierra is a Spanish mackerel of western North America, also known as a Scomberomorus sierra. 

A Scomberomorus maculatus is a large commercially important mackerel of the Atlantic coastal waters of North America. 

A chub mackerel is small mackerel found nearly worldwide, also known as a tinker, or a Scomber japonicus. 

A common mackerel is important food fish of the northern Atlantic and Mediterranean; its body is greenish-blue with dark bars and small if any scales, also known as a shiner, or a Scomber scombrus. 

A wahoo is large fast-moving predacious food and game fish; found worldwide, also known as a Acanthocybium solandri. 

A Spanish mackerel is medium-sized mackerel of temperate Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico, also known as a Scomber colias. 

A sailfish is large pelagic game fish having an elongated upper jaw and long dorsal fin that resembles a sail. A sailfish can, more specifically, be a Atlantic sailfish. 

A Atlantic sailfish is a kind of sailfish, also known as a Istiophorus albicans. 

A billfish is giant warm-water game fish having a prolonged and rounded toothless upper jaw. A billfish is either a spearfish, or a marlin. 

A spearfish is any of several large vigorous pelagic fishes resembling sailfishes but with first dorsal fin much reduced; worldwide but rare. 

A marlin is large long-jawed oceanic sport fishes; related to sailfishes and spearfishes; not completely cold-blooded i.e. able to warm their brains and eyes. A marlin is either a striped marlin, a black marlin, a white marlin, or a blue marlin. 

A striped marlin is Pacific food and game fish marked with dark blue vertical stripes, also known as a Makaira mitsukurii. 

A black marlin is large game fish in the Pacific Ocean; may reach 1000 pounds, also known as a Makaira mazara, or a Makaira marlina. 

A white marlin is small marlin (to 180 pounds) of western Atlantic, also known as a Makaira albida. 

A blue marlin is largest marlin; may reach 2000 pounds; found worldwide in warm seas, also known as a Makaira nigricans. 

A bonito is fish whose flesh is dried and flaked for Japanese cookery; may be same species as skipjack tuna, also known as an oceanic bonito, or a Katsuwonus pelamis. 

A louvar is large silvery fish found worldwide in warm seas but nowhere common; resembles a whale and feeds on plankton, also known as a Luvarus imperialis. 

A perch is any of numerous spiny-finned fishes of various families of the order Perciformes. 

A worm fish is poorly known family of small tropical shallow-water fishes related to gobies. 

A threadfin is mullet-like tropical marine fishes having pectoral fins with long threadlike rays. A threadfin can, more specifically, be a barbu. 

A barbu is found along western Atlantic coast, also known as a Polydactylus virginicus. 

A parrotfish is gaudy tropical fishes with parrotlike beaks formed by fusion of teeth, also known as a polly fish, or a pollyfish. 

A perch is spiny-finned freshwater food and game fishes. A perch is either a snail darter, a yellow perch, a European perch, or a pike-perch. 

A snail darter is a small snail-eating perch of the Tennessee River, also known as a Percina tanasi. 

A yellow perch is North American perch, also known as a Perca flavescens. 

A European perch is a perch native to Europe, also known as a Perca fluviatilis. 

A pike-perch is any of several pike-like fishes of the perch family, also known as a pike perch. A pike-perch can, more specifically, be a walleye. 

A walleye is pike-like freshwater perches, also known as a walleyed pike, a jack salmon, a dory, or a Stizostedion vitreum. A walleye can, more specifically, be a blue pike. 

A blue pike is variety inhabiting the Great Lakes, also known as a blue pickerel, a blue pikeperch, a blue walleye, or a Strizostedion vitreum glaucum. 

A cichlid is freshwater fishes of tropical America and Africa and Asia similar to American sunfishes; some are food fishes; many small ones are popular in aquariums, also known as a cichlid fish. A cichlid can, more specifically, be a bolti. 

A bolti is important food fish of the Nile and other rivers of Africa and Asia Minor, also known as a Tilapia nilotica. 

A butterfish is small marine fish with a short compressed body and feeble spines, also known as a stromateid fish, or a stromateid. A butterfish is either a palometa, a harvestfish, a driftfish, a barrelfish, a dollarfish, or a driftfish. 

A palometa is smaller than Florida pompano; common in West Indies, also known as a California pompano, or a Palometa simillima. 

A harvestfish is butterfish up to a foot long of Atlantic waters from Chesapeake Bay to Argentina, also known as a Paprilus alepidotus. 

A driftfish is small (6 inches) tropical butterfishes found worldwide. 

A barrelfish is blackish fish of New England waters, also known as a black rudderfish, or a Hyperglyphe perciformis. 

A dollarfish is small food fish of Atlantic coast, also known as a Poronotus triacanthus. 

A driftfish is larger butterfishes of the western Atlantic from the New York area to the northern Gulf of Mexico. 

A blennioid fish is elongated mostly scaleless marine fishes with large pectoral fins and reduced pelvic fins, also known as a blennioid. A blennioid fish is either a wrymouth, an eelpout, a gunnel, a clinid, a blenny, a pikeblenny, a wolffish, or a prickleback. 

A wrymouth is eellike Atlantic bottom fish with large almost vertical mouth, also known as a ghostfish, or a Cryptacanthodes maculatus. 

An eelpout is marine eellike mostly bottom-dwelling fishes of northern seas, also known as a pout. An eelpout is either a fish doctor, an ocean pout, or a viviparous eelpout. 

A fish doctor is brightly colored scaleless Arctic eelpout, also known as a Gymnelis viridis. 

An ocean pout is common along northeastern coast of North America, also known as a Macrozoarces americanus. 

A viviparous eelpout is an eelpout of northern Europe that is viviparous, also known as a Zoarces viviparus. 

A gunnel is small eellike fishes common in shallow waters of the northern Atlantic, also known as a bracketed blenny. A gunnel can, more specifically, be a rock gunnel. 

A rock gunnel is slippery scaleless food fish of the northern Atlantic coastal waters, also known as a butterfish, or a Pholis gunnellus. 

A clinid is mostly small blennioid fishes of coral reefs and seagrass beds, also known as a clinid fish. 

A blenny is small usually scaleless fishes with comb-like teeth living about rocky shores; are territorial and live in holes between rocks, also known as a combtooth blenny. A blenny is either a shanny, or a Molly Miller. 

A shanny is European scaleless blenny, also known as a Blennius pholis. 

A Molly Miller is inhabits both coasts of tropical Atlantic, also known as a Scartella cristata. 

A pikeblenny is tropical American fishes; males are aggressively defensive of their territory. A pikeblenny can, more specifically, be a bluethroat pikeblenny. 

A bluethroat pikeblenny is found from Florida to Cuba, also known as a Chaenopsis ocellata. 

A wolffish is large ferocious northern deep-sea food fishes with strong teeth and no pelvic fins, also known as a wolf fish, or a catfish. 

A prickleback is small elongate fishes of shallow northern seas; a long dorsal fin consists entirely of spines. A prickleback is either a snakeblenny, or an eelblenny. 

A snakeblenny is found in Arctic and northern Atlantic waters, also known as a Lumpenus lumpretaeformis. 

An eelblenny is eellike fishes found in subarctic coastal waters. 

A surfperch is small to medium-sized shallow-water fishes of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a surffish, or a surf fish. A surfperch can, more specifically, be a rainbow seaperch. 

A rainbow seaperch is Pacific coast fish, also known as a rainbow perch, or a Hipsurus caryi. 

A bass is nontechnical name for any of numerous edible marine and freshwater spiny-finned fishes. A bass can, more specifically, be a freshwater bass. 

A freshwater bass is North American food and game fish. 

A blanquillo is important marine food fishes, also known as a tilefish. 

An archerfish is any of several small freshwater fishes that catch insects by squirting water at them and knocking them into the water; found in Indonesia and Australia, also known as a Toxotes jaculatrix. 

A catalufa is brightly colored carnivorous fish of western Atlantic and West Indies waters, also known as a Priacanthus arenatus. 

A grunt is medium-sized tropical marine food fishes that utter grunting sounds when caught. A grunt is either a cottonwick, a porkfish, a pompon, a tomtate, a sailor's-choice, a pigfish, a margate, or a Spanish grunt. 

A cottonwick is of warm Atlantic waters, also known as a Haemulon malanurum. 

A porkfish is black and gold grunt found from Bermuda to Caribbean to Brazil, also known as a pork-fish, or a Anisotremus virginicus. 

A pompon is dusky grey food fish found from Louisiana and Florida southward, also known as a black margate, or a Anisotremus surinamensis. 

A tomtate is found off the West Indies and Florida, also known as a Haemulon aurolineatum. 

A sailor's-choice is a grunt found from Florida to Brazil and Gulf of Mexico, also known as a sailors choice, or a Haemulon parra. 

A pigfish is found from Long Island southward, also known as a hogfish, or a Orthopristis chrysopterus. 

A margate is a grunt with a red mouth that is found from Florida to Brazil, also known as a Haemulon album. 

A Spanish grunt is a kind of grunt, also known as a Haemulon macrostomum. 

A whiting is a small fish of the genus Sillago; excellent food fish. 

A sandfish is either of two small silvery scaleless fishes of the northern Pacific that burrow into sand. 

A sparid is spiny-finned food fishes of warm waters having well-developed teeth, also known as a sparid fish. A sparid is either a pinfish, a sheepshead, or a snapper. 

A pinfish is similar to sea bream; small spiny-finned fish found in bays along the southeastern coast of the United States, also known as a sailor's-choice, a squirrelfish, or a Lagodon rhomboides. 

A sheepshead is large (up to 20 lbs) food fish of the eastern coast of the United States and Mexico, also known as a Archosargus probatocephalus. 

A snapper is Australian food fish having a pinkish body with blue spots, also known as a Chrysophrys auratus. 

A sciaenid fish is widely distributed family of carnivorous percoid fishes having a large air bladder used to produce sound, also known as a sciaenid. A sciaenid fish is either a sea trout, a drum, a whiting, a mulloway, a maigre, or a croaker. 

A sea trout is any of several sciaenid fishes of North American coastal waters. A sea trout is either a weakfish, or a spotted weakfish. 

A weakfish is food and game fish of North American coastal waters with a mouth from which hooks easily tear out, also known as a Cynoscion regalis. 

A spotted weakfish is weakfish of southern Atlantic and Gulf Coasts of United States, also known as a spotted sea trout, a spotted squeateague, or a Cynoscion nebulosus. 

A drum is small to medium-sized bottom-dwelling food and game fishes of shallow coastal and fresh waters that make a drumming noise, also known as a drumfish. A drum is either a silver perch, a striped drum, a jackknife-fish, or a red drum. 

A silver perch is small silvery drumfish often mistaken for white perch; found along coasts of United States from New York to Mexico, also known as a mademoiselle, or a Bairdiella chrysoura. 

A striped drum is a kind of drumfish, also known as a Equetus pulcher. 

A jackknife-fish is black-and-white drumfish with an erect elongated dorsal fin, also known as a Equetus lanceolatus. 

A red drum is large edible fish found off coast of United States from Massachusetts to Mexico, also known as a channel bass, a redfish, or a Sciaenops ocellatus. 

A whiting is any of several food fishes of North American coastal waters. A whiting is either a northern whiting, a silver whiting, a corbina, a kingfish, or a king whiting. 

A northern whiting is whiting of the east coast of United States; closely resembles king whiting, also known as a Menticirrhus saxatilis. 

A silver whiting is a dull silvery whiting of southern Atlantic and Gulf Coasts of the United States, also known as a Menticirrhus littoralis. 

A corbina is bluish-grey whiting of California coast, also known as a Menticirrhus undulatus. 

A kingfish is any of several food and game fishes of the drum family indigenous to warm Atlantic waters of the North American coast. 

A king whiting is whiting of the southeastern coast of North America, also known as a Menticirrhus americanus. 

A mulloway is large important food fish of Australia; almost indistinguishable from the maigre, also known as a jewfish, or a Sciaena antarctica. 

A maigre is large European marine food fish, also known as a maiger, or a Sciaena aquila. 

A croaker is any of several fishes that make a croaking noise. A croaker is either a yellowfin croaker, a white croaker, a white croaker, or a Atlantic croaker. 

A yellowfin croaker is a fish of the Pacific coast of North America, also known as a surffish, a surf fish, or a Umbrina roncador. 

A white croaker is silvery and bluish drumfish of shallow California coastal waters, also known as a queenfish, or a Seriphus politus. 

A white croaker is small silvery marine food fish found off California, also known as a chenfish, a kingfish, or a Genyonemus lineatus. 

A Atlantic croaker is a silvery-bodied croaker with dark markings and tiny barbels, also known as a Micropogonias undulatus. 

A clingfish is very small (to 3 inches) flattened marine fish with a sucking disc on the abdomen for clinging to rocks etc.. A clingfish can, more specifically, be a skillet fish. 

A skillet fish is clingfish with typical skillet shape, also known as a skilletfish, or a Gobiesox strumosus. 

A gempylid is snake mackerels; elongated marine fishes with oily flesh; resembles mackerels; found worldwide. A gempylid is either an escolar, an oilfish, or a snake mackerel. 

An escolar is large snake mackerel with rings like spectacles around its eyes, also known as a Lepidocybium flavobrunneum. 

An oilfish is very large deep-water snake mackerel, also known as a Ruvettus pretiosus. 

A snake mackerel is predatory tropical fishes with jutting jaws and strong teeth, also known as a Gempylus serpens. 

A serranid fish is marine food sport fishes mainly of warm coastal waters, also known as a serranid. A serranid fish is either a soapfish, a yellow bass, a sea bass, or a white perch. 

A soapfish is fishes with slimy mucus-covered skin; found in the warm Atlantic coastal waters of America. 

A yellow bass is North American freshwater bass resembling the larger marine striped bass, also known as a Morone interrupta. 

A sea bass is any of various food and sport fishes of the Atlantic coast of the United States having an elongated body and long spiny dorsal fin. A sea bass is either a striped bass, a stone bass, a grouper, a black sea bass, a blackmouth bass, a belted sandfish, or a rock sea bass. 

A striped bass is marine food and game fish with dark longitudinal stripes; migrates upriver to spawn; sometimes placed in the genus Morone, also known as a striper, a Roccus saxatilis, or a rockfish. 

A stone bass is brown fish of the Atlantic and Mediterranean found around rocks and shipwrecks, also known as a wreckfish, or a Polyprion americanus. 

A grouper is usually solitary bottom sea basses of warm seas. A grouper is either a hind, a jewfish, a coney, or a creole-fish. 

A hind is any of several mostly spotted fishes that resemble groupers. A hind can, more specifically, be a rock hind. 

A rock hind is found around rocky coasts or on reefs, also known as a Epinephelus adscensionis. 

A jewfish is large dark grouper with a thick head and rough scales, also known as a Mycteroperca bonaci. 

A coney is black-spotted usually dusky-colored fish with reddish fins, also known as a Epinephelus fulvus. 

A creole-fish is deep-sea fish of tropical Atlantic, also known as a Paranthias furcifer. 

A black sea bass is bluish black-striped sea bass of the Atlantic coast of the United States, also known as a black bass, or a Centropistes striata. 

A blackmouth bass is small marine fish with black mouth and gill cavity, also known as a Synagrops bellus. 

A belted sandfish is found in warm shallow waters of western Atlantic, also known as a Serranus subligarius. 

A rock sea bass is a kind of sea bass, also known as a rock bass, or a Centropristis philadelphica. 

A white perch is small silvery food and game fish of eastern United States streams, also known as a silver perch, or a Morone americana. 

A bluefish is bluish warm-water marine food and game fish that follow schools of small fishes into shallow waters, also known as a Pomatomus saltatrix. 

A sand stargazer is small pallid fishes of shoal tropical waters of North America and South America having eyes on stalks atop head; they burrow in sand to await prey. 

A damselfish is small brilliantly colored tropical marine fishes of coral reefs, also known as a demoiselle. A damselfish is either a sergeant major, an anemone fish, or a beaugregory. 

A sergeant major is large blue-grey black-striped damselfish; nearly worldwide, also known as a Abudefduf saxatilis. 

An anemone fish is live associated with sea anemones. An anemone fish can, more specifically, be a clown anemone fish. 

A clown anemone fish is an anemone fish of the genus Amphiprion, also known as a Amphiprion percula. 

A beaugregory is a blue and yellow damselfish of Bermuda and Florida and the West Indies, also known as a Pomacentrus leucostictus. 

A spadefish is deep-bodied disk-shaped food fish of warmer western Atlantic coastal waters, also known as an angelfish, or a Chaetodipterus faber. 

A toadfish is bottom-dwelling fish having scaleless slimy skin and a broad thick head with a wide mouth, also known as a Opsanus tau. A toadfish can, more specifically, be a oyster fish. 

An oyster fish is a variety of toadfish, also known as an oyster-fish, or an oysterfish. 

A plectognath is tropical marine fishes having the teeth fused into a beak and thick skin covered with bony plates or spines, also known as a plectognath fish. A plectognath is either a puffer, a boxfish, a spiny puffer, an ocean sunfish, a triggerfish, or a filefish. 

A puffer is any of numerous marine fishes whose elongated spiny body can inflate itself with water or air to form a globe; several species contain a potent nerve poison; closely related to spiny puffers, also known as a pufferfish, a blowfish, or a globefish. 

A boxfish is any of numerous small tropical fishes having body and head encased in bony plates, also known as a trunkfish. A boxfish can, more specifically, be a cowfish. 

A cowfish is trunkfish having hornlike spines over the eyes, also known as a Lactophrys quadricornis. 

A spiny puffer is puffers having rigid or erectile spines. A spiny puffer is either a balloonfish, a burrfish, or a porcupinefish. 

A balloonfish is similar to but smaller than porcupinefish, also known as a Diodon holocanthus. 

A burrfish is any of several fishes having rigid flattened spines. 

A porcupinefish is spines become erect when the body is inflated; worldwide in warm waters, also known as a porcupine fish, or a Diodon hystrix. 

An ocean sunfish is among the largest bony fish; pelagic fish having an oval compressed body with high dorsal and anal fins and caudal fin reduced to a rudder-like lobe; worldwide in warm waters, also known as a sunfish, a mola, or a headfish. An ocean sunfish can, more specifically, be a sharptail mola. 

A sharptail mola is caudal fin has a central projection, also known as a Mola lanceolata. 

A triggerfish is any of numerous compressed deep-bodied tropical fishes with sandpapery skin and erectile spines in the first dorsal fin. A triggerfish can, more specifically, be a queen triggerfish. 

A queen triggerfish is tropical Atlantic fish, also known as a Bessy cerca, an oldwench, an oldwife, or a Balistes vetula. 

A filefish is narrow flattened warm-water fishes with leathery skin and a long file-like dorsal spine. A filefish can, more specifically, be a leatherjacket. 

A leatherjacket is any of several brightly colored tropical filefishes, also known as a leatherfish. 

A barracuda is any voracious marine fish of the genus Sphyraena having an elongated cylindrical body and large mouth with projecting lower jaw and long strong teeth. A barracuda can, more specifically, be a great barracuda. 

A great barracuda is large (up to 6 ft) greyish-brown barracuda highly regarded as a food and sport fish; may be dangerous to swimmers, also known as a Sphyraena barracuda. 

A sargassum fish is small fantastically formed and colored fishes found among masses of sargassum. 

A stickleback is small (2-4 inches) pugnacious mostly scaleless spiny-backed fishes of northern fresh and littoral waters having elaborate courtship; subjects of much research, also known as a prickleback. A stickleback is either a three-spined stickleback, or a ten-spined stickleback. 

A three-spined stickleback is of rivers and coastal regions, also known as a Gasterosteus aculeatus. 

A ten-spined stickleback is confined to rivers, also known as a Gasterosteus pungitius. 

A boarfish is fish with large eyes and long snouts. 

A squirrelfish is very small, brightly colored (especially red) nocturnal fishes of shallow waters or tropical reefs; they make sounds like a squirrel's bark. A squirrelfish is either a deepwater squirrelfish, a reef squirrelfish, a Holocentrus ascensionis, or a soldierfish. 

A deepwater squirrelfish is a squirrelfish found from South Carolina to Bermuda and Gulf of Mexico, also known as a Holocentrus bullisi. 

A reef squirrelfish is on reefs from Bermuda and Florida to northern South America, also known as a Holocentrus coruscus. 

A Holocentrus ascensionis is bright red fish of West Indies and Bermuda. 

A soldierfish is the larger squirrelfishes, also known as a soldier-fish. 

A remora is marine fishes with a flattened elongated body and a sucking disk on the head for attaching to large fish or moving objects, also known as a suckerfish, or a sucking fish. A remora is either a whale sucker, or a sharksucker. 

A whale sucker is large blue Pacific remora that attaches to whales and dolphins, also known as a whalesucker, or a Remilegia australis. 

A sharksucker is remoras found attached to sharks, also known as a Echeneis naucrates. 

A dragonet is small often brightly colored scaleless marine bottom-dwellers; found in tropical and warm temperate waters of Europe and America. 

A goosefish is fishes having large mouths with a wormlike filament attached for luring prey, also known as an angler, an anglerfish, an angler fish, a monkfish, a lotte, an allmouth, or a Lophius Americanus. 

A ganoid is primitive fishes having thick bony scales with a shiny covering, also known as a ganoid fish. A ganoid is either a sturgeon, a paddlefish, a bowfin, a Chinese paddlefish, or a gar. 

A sturgeon is large primitive fishes valued for their flesh and roe; widely distributed in the North Temperate Zone. A sturgeon is either a Pacific sturgeon, or a beluga. 

A Pacific sturgeon is food and game fish of marine and fresh waters of northwestern coast of North America, also known as a white sturgeon, a Sacramento sturgeon, or a Acipenser transmontanus. 

A beluga is valuable source of caviar and isinglass; found in Black and Caspian seas, also known as a hausen, a white sturgeon, or a Acipenser huso. 

A paddlefish is primitive fish of the Mississippi valley having a long paddle-shaped snout, also known as a duckbill, or a Polyodon spathula. 

A bowfin is primitive long-bodied carnivorous freshwater fish with a very long dorsal fin; found in sluggish waters of North America, also known as a grindle, a dogfish, or a Amia calva. 

A Chinese paddlefish is fish of larger rivers of China similar to the Mississippi paddlefish, also known as a Psephurus gladis. 

A gar is primitive predaceous North American fish covered with hard scales and having long jaws with needlelike teeth, also known as a garfish, a garpike, a billfish, or a Lepisosteus osseus. 

A soft-finned fish is any fish of the superorder Malacopterygii, also known as a malacopterygian. A soft-finned fish is either a lanternfish, a catfish, a Ostariophysi, a cypriniform fish, an oarfish, a lancetfish, an argentine, a greeneye, a handsaw fish, a lizardfish, a smelt, a whitefish, a New World opah, a gadoid, an opah, a clupeid fish, a ribbonfish, a beaked salmon, a tarpon, a bonefish, a salmonid, an anchovy, or an eel. 

A lanternfish is small fish having rows of luminous organs along each side; some surface at night. 

A catfish is any of numerous mostly freshwater bottom-living fishes of Eurasia and North America with barbels like whiskers around the mouth, also known as a siluriform fish. A catfish is either a bullhead, an armored catfish, a sea catfish, a channel catfish, a silurid, or a flathead catfish. 

A bullhead is any of several common freshwater catfishes of the United States, also known as a bullhead catfish. A bullhead is either a horned pout, or a brown bullhead. 

A horned pout is catfish common in eastern United States, also known as a hornpout, a pout, or a Ameiurus Melas. 

A brown bullhead is freshwater catfish of eastern United States. 

An armored catfish is South American catfish having the body covered with bony plates. 

A sea catfish is any of numerous marine fishes most of which are mouthbreeders; not used for food. A sea catfish can, more specifically, be a crucifix fish. 

A crucifix fish is sea catfish of the Caribbean area. 

A channel catfish is freshwater food fish common throughout central United States, also known as a channel cat, or a Ictalurus punctatus. A channel catfish can, more specifically, be a blue catfish. 

A blue catfish is a large catfish of the Mississippi valley, also known as a blue cat, a blue channel catfish, or a blue channel cat. 

A silurid is Old World freshwater catfishes having naked skin and a long anal fin more or less merged with the eellike caudal fin, also known as a silurid fish. A silurid is either a European catfish, or an electric catfish. 

A European catfish is large elongated catfish of central and eastern Europe, also known as a sheatfish, or a Silurus glanis. 

An electric catfish is freshwater catfish of the Nile and tropical central Africa having an electric organ, also known as a Malopterurus electricus. 

A flathead catfish is large catfish of central United States having a flattened head and projecting jaw, also known as a mudcat, a goujon, a shovelnose catfish, a spoonbill catfish, or a Pylodictus olivaris. 

A Ostariophysi is in some classifications considered a superorder comprising the Cypriniformes and the Siluriformes, also known as an order Ostariophysi. 

A cypriniform fish is a soft-finned fish of the order Cypriniformes. A cypriniform fish is either a topminnow, a loach, a characin, a cyprinodont, an electric eel, a catostomid, or a cyprinid. 

A topminnow is small usually brightly-colored viviparous surface-feeding fishes of fresh or brackish warm waters; often used in mosquito control, also known as a poeciliid fish, a poeciliid, or a live-bearer. A topminnow is either a mollie, a mosquitofish, or a platy. 

A mollie is popular aquarium fish, also known as a molly. 

A mosquitofish is silvery topminnow with rows of black spots of tropical North America and West Indies; important in mosquito control, also known as a Gambusia affinis. 

A platy is small stocky Mexican fish; popular aquarium fish, also known as a Platypoecilus maculatus. 

A loach is slender freshwater fishes of Eurasia and Africa resembling catfishes. 

A characin is any freshwater fish of the family Characinidae, also known as a characin fish, or a characid. A characin is either a piranha, a tetra, or a cardinal tetra. 

A piranha is small voraciously carnivorous freshwater fishes of South America that attack and destroy living animals, also known as a pirana, or a caribe. 

A tetra is brightly colored tropical freshwater fishes. 

A cardinal tetra is small bright red and blue aquarium fish from streams in Brazil and Colombia, also known as an Paracheirodon axelrodi. 

A cyprinodont is any member of the family Cyprinodontidae. A cyprinodont is either a swordtail, a killifish, or a guppy. 

A swordtail is freshwater fish of Central America having a long swordlike tail; popular aquarium fish, also known as a helleri, a topminnow, or a Xyphophorus helleri. 

A killifish is small mostly marine warm-water carp-like schooling fishes; used as bait or aquarium fishes or in mosquito control. A killifish is either a mummichog, a flagfish, a rivulus, or a striped killifish. 

A mummichog is silver-and-black killifish of saltwater marshes along the Atlantic coast of the United States, also known as a Fundulus heteroclitus. 

A flagfish is a fish with a dark-blue back and whitish sides with red stripes; found in swamps and streams of Florida, also known as a American flagfish, or a Jordanella floridae. 

A rivulus is found in small streams of tropical America; often kept in aquariums; usually hermaphroditic. 

A striped killifish is black-barred fish of bays and coastal marshes of the Atlantic and Gulf Coast of the United States, also known as a mayfish, a may fish, or a Fundulus majalis. 

A guppy is small freshwater fish of South America and the West Indies; often kept in aquariums, also known as a rainbow fish, or a Lebistes reticulatus. 

An electric eel is eel-shaped freshwater fish of South America having electric organs in its body, also known as a Electrophorus electric. 

A catostomid is a cypriniform fish of the family Catostomidae. A catostomid can, more specifically, be a sucker. 

A sucker is mostly North American freshwater fishes with a thick-lipped mouth for feeding by suction; related to carps. A sucker is either a buffalo fish, a redhorse, or a hog sucker. 

A buffalo fish is any of several large suckers of the Mississippi valley, also known as a buffalofish. A buffalo fish can, more specifically, be a black buffalo. 

A black buffalo is fish of the lower Mississippi, also known as a Ictiobus niger. 

A redhorse is North American sucker with reddish fins, also known as a redhorse sucker. 

A hog sucker is widely distributed in warm clear shallow streams, also known as a hog molly, or a Hypentelium nigricans. 

A cyprinid is soft-finned mainly freshwater fishes typically having toothless jaws and cycloid scales, also known as a cyprinid fish. A cyprinid is either a minnow, a rudd, a chub, a crucian carp, a tench, a gudgeon, a dace, a roach, a goldfish, a carp, or a shiner. 

A minnow is very small European freshwater fish common in gravelly streams, also known as a Phoxinus phoxinus. 

A rudd is European freshwater fish resembling the roach, also known as a Scardinius erythrophthalmus. 

A chub is European freshwater game fish with a thick spindle-shaped body, also known as a Leuciscus cephalus. 

A crucian carp is European carp closely resembling wild goldfish, also known as a Carassius carassius, or a Carassius vulgaris. 

A tench is freshwater dace-like game fish of Europe and western Asia noted for ability to survive outside water, also known as a Tinca tinca. 

A gudgeon is small slender European freshwater fish often used as bait by anglers, also known as a Gobio gobio. 

A dace is small European freshwater fish with a slender bluish-green body, also known as a Leuciscus leuciscus. 

A roach is European freshwater food fish having a greenish back, also known as a Rutilus rutilus. 

A goldfish is small golden or orange-red freshwater fishes of Eurasia used as pond or aquarium fishes, also known as a Carassius auratus. A goldfish can, more specifically, be a silverfish. 

A silverfish is a silvery variety of Carassius auratus. 

A carp is any of various freshwater fish of the family Cyprinidae. A carp can, more specifically, be a domestic carp. 

A domestic carp is large Old World freshwater bottom-feeding fish introduced into Europe from Asia; inhabits ponds and sluggish streams and often raised for food; introduced into United States where it has become a pest, also known as a Cyprinus carpio. A domestic carp is either a leather carp, or a mirror carp. 

A leather carp is scaleless domestic carp. 

A mirror carp is domestic carp with some large shining scales. 

A shiner is any of numerous small silvery North American cyprinid fishes especially of the genus Notropis. A shiner is either an emerald shiner, a common shiner, or a golden shiner. 

An emerald shiner is small blunt-nosed fish of Great Lakes and Mississippi valley with a greenish luster, also known as a Notropis atherinoides. 

A common shiner is the common North American shiner, also known as a silversides, or a Notropis cornutus. 

A golden shiner is shiner of eastern North America having golden glints; sometimes also called `bream', also known as a Notemigonus crysoleucas. 

An oarfish is thin deep-water tropical fish 20 to 30 feet long having a red dorsal fin, also known as a king of the herring, a ribbonfish, or a Regalecus glesne. 

A lancetfish is large elongate scaleless oceanic fishes with sharp teeth and a long dorsal fin that resembles a sail, also known as a lancet fish, or a wolffish. 

An argentine is any of various small silver-scaled salmon-like marine fishes. 

A greeneye is bottom-dwellers having large eyes with metallic green luster. 

A handsaw fish is a soft-finned fish of the genus Alepisaurus. 

A lizardfish is tropical fishes with large mouths in lizard-like heads; found worldwide, also known as a snakefish, or a snake-fish. 

A smelt is small trout-like silvery marine or freshwater food fishes of cold northern waters. A smelt is either a capelin, a rainbow smelt, or a sparling. 

A capelin is very small northern fish; forage for sea birds and marine mammals and other fishes, also known as a capelan, or a caplin. 

A rainbow smelt is important marine and landlocked food fish of eastern North America and Alaska, also known as a Osmerus mordax. 

A sparling is the common smelt of Europe, also known as a European smelt, or a Osmerus eperlanus. 

A whitefish is silvery herring-like freshwater food fish of cold lakes of the northern hemisphere. A whitefish is either a Rocky Mountain whitefish, a round whitefish, a cisco, or a lake whitefish. 

A Rocky Mountain whitefish is whitefish of the western United States and Canada, also known as a Prosopium williamsonii. 

A round whitefish is a whitefish with a bronze back; of northern North America and Siberia, also known as a Menominee whitefish, or a Prosopium cylindraceum. 

A cisco is important food fish of cold deep lakes of North America, also known as a lake herring, or a Coregonus artedi. 

A lake whitefish is found in the Great Lakes and north to Alaska, also known as a Coregonus clupeaformis. 

A New World opah is from Nova Scotia to West Indies and Gulf of Mexico, also known as a Lampris guttatus. 

A gadoid is a soft-finned fish of the family Gadidae, also known as a gadoid fish. A gadoid is either a hake, a cusk, a ling, a cod, a pollack, a whiting, a grenadier, or a haddock. 

A hake is any of several marine food fishes related to cod. A hake is either a silver hake, or a ling. 

A silver hake is found off Atlantic coast of North America, also known as a Merluccius bilinearis, or a whiting. 

A ling is American hakes. 

A cusk is large edible marine fish of northern coastal waters; related to cod, also known as a torsk, or a Brosme brosme. 

A ling is elongated marine food fish of Greenland and northern Europe; often salted and dried, also known as a Molva molva. 

A cod is major food fish of Arctic and cold-temperate waters, also known as a codfish. A cod is either a burbot, a codling, a Pacific cod, a Atlantic cod, or a scrod. 

A burbot is elongate freshwater cod of northern Europe and Asia and North America having barbels around its mouth, also known as an eelpout, a ling, a cusk, or a Lota lota. 

A codling is young codfish. 

A Pacific cod is closely related to Atlantic cod, also known as a Alaska cod, or a Gadus macrocephalus. 

A Atlantic cod is one of the world's most important commercial fishes, also known as a Gadus morhua. 

A scrod is young Atlantic cod or haddock especially one split and boned for cooking, also known as a schrod. 

A pollack is important food and game fish of northern seas (especially the northern Atlantic); related to cod, also known as a pollock, or a Pollachius pollachius. 

A whiting is a food fish of the Atlantic waters of Europe resembling the cod; sometimes placed in genus Gadus, also known as a Merlangus merlangus, or a Gadus merlangus. 

A grenadier is deep-sea fish with a large head and body and long tapering tail, also known as a rattail, or a rattail fish. 

A haddock is important food fish on both sides of the Atlantic; related to cod but usually smaller, also known as a Melanogrammus aeglefinus. 

An opah is large elliptical brightly colored deep-sea fish of Atlantic and Pacific and Mediterranean, also known as a moonfish, or a Lampris regius. 

A clupeid fish is any of numerous soft-finned schooling food fishes of shallow waters of northern seas, also known as a clupeid. A clupeid fish is either a pilchard, a shad, an alewife, a herring, a menhaden, or a sardine. 

A pilchard is small fishes found in great schools along coasts of Europe; smaller and rounder than herring, also known as a sardine, or a Sardina pilchardus. A pilchard can, more specifically, be a Pacific sardine. 

A Pacific sardine is small pilchards common off the pacific coast of North America, also known as a Sardinops caerulea. 

A shad is herring-like food fishes that migrate from the sea to fresh water to spawn. A shad is either a common American shad, a river shad, or an allice shad. 

A common American shad is shad of Atlantic coast of North America; naturalized to Pacific coast, also known as a Alosa sapidissima. 

A river shad is shad that spawns in streams of the Mississippi drainage; very similar to Alosa sapidissima, also known as a Alosa chrysocloris. 

An allice shad is European shad, also known as an allis shad, an allice, an allis, or a Alosa alosa. 

An alewife is shad-like food fish that runs rivers to spawn; often salted or smoked; sometimes placed in genus Pomolobus, also known as a Alosa pseudoharengus, or a Pomolobus pseudoharengus. 

A herring is commercially important food fish of northern waters of both Atlantic and Pacific, also known as a Clupea harangus. A herring is either a Pacific herring, or a Atlantic herring. 

A Pacific herring is important food fish of the northern Pacific, also known as a Clupea harengus pallasii. 

A Atlantic herring is important food fish; found in enormous shoals in the northern Atlantic, also known as a Clupea harengus harengus. 

A menhaden is shad-like North American marine fishes used for fish meal and oil and fertilizer, also known as a Brevoortia tyrannis. 

A sardine is any of various small edible herring or related food fishes frequently canned. A sardine is either a brisling, or a sild. 

A brisling is small herring processed like a sardine, also known as a sprat, or a Clupea sprattus. 

A sild is any of various young herrings (other than brislings) canned as sardines in Norway. 

A ribbonfish is marine fish having a long compressed ribbonlike body. A ribbonfish can, more specifically, be a dealfish. 

A dealfish is deep-sea ribbonfish, also known as a Trachipterus arcticus. 

A beaked salmon is fish of sandy areas of western Pacific and Indian oceans having an angular snout for burrowing into sand, also known as a sandfish, or a Gonorhynchus gonorhynchus. 

A tarpon is large silvery game fish of warm Atlantic coastal waters especially off Florida, also known as a Tarpon atlanticus. A tarpon can, more specifically, be a ladyfish. 

A ladyfish is game fish resembling the tarpon but smaller, also known as a tenpounder, or a Elops saurus. 

A bonefish is slender silvery marine fish found in tropical mud flats and mangrove lagoons, also known as a Albula vulpes. 

A salmonid is soft-finned fishes of cold and temperate waters. A salmonid is either a salmon, a trout, or a char. 

A salmon is any of various large food and game fishes of northern waters; usually migrate from salt to fresh water to spawn. A salmon is either a blackfish, a chum salmon, a coho, a chinook, a sockeye, a redfish, or a Atlantic salmon. 

A blackfish is female salmon that has recently spawned. 

A chum salmon is a large Pacific salmon with small spots on its back; an important food fish, also known as a chum, or a Oncorhynchus keta. 

A coho is small salmon of northern Pacific coasts and the Great Lakes, also known as a cohoe, a coho salmon, a blue jack, a silver salmon, or a Oncorhynchus kisutch. 

A chinook is large Pacific salmon valued as food; adults die after spawning, also known as a chinook salmon, a king salmon, a quinnat salmon, or a Oncorhynchus tshawytscha. 

A sockeye is small salmon with red flesh; found in rivers and tributaries of the northern Pacific and valued as food; adults die after spawning, also known as a sockeye salmon, a red salmon, a blueback salmon, or a Oncorhynchus nerka. 

A redfish is male salmon that has recently spawned. 

A Atlantic salmon is found in northern coastal Atlantic waters or tributaries; adults do not die after spawning, also known as a Salmo salar. A Atlantic salmon can, more specifically, be a landlocked salmon. 

A landlocked salmon is Atlantic salmon confined to lakes of New England and southeastern Canada, also known as a lake salmon. 

A trout is any of various game and food fishes of cool fresh waters mostly smaller than typical salmons. A trout is either a rainbow trout, a brook trout, a brown trout, or a lake trout. 

A rainbow trout is found in Pacific coastal waters and streams from lower California to Alaska, also known as a Salmo gairdneri. 

A brook trout is North American freshwater trout; introduced in Europe, also known as a speckled trout, or a Salvelinus fontinalis. 

A brown trout is speckled trout of European rivers; introduced in North America, also known as a salmon trout, or a Salmo trutta. A brown trout can, more specifically, be a sea trout. 

A sea trout is silvery marine variety of brown trout that migrates to fresh water to spawn. 

A lake trout is large fork-tailed trout of lakes of Canada and the northern United States, also known as a salmon trout, or a Salvelinus namaycush. 

A char is any of several small trout-like fish of the genus Salvelinus, also known as a charr. A char can, more specifically, be a Arctic char. 

A Arctic char is small trout of northern waters; landlocked populations in Quebec and northern New England, also known as a Salvelinus alpinus. 

An anchovy is small herring-like plankton-eating fishes often canned whole or as paste; abundant in tropical waters worldwide. An anchovy can, more specifically, be a mediterranean anchovy. 

A mediterranean anchovy is esteemed for its flavor; usually preserved or used for sauces and relishes, also known as a Engraulis encrasicholus. 

An eel is voracious snakelike marine or freshwater fishes with smooth slimy usually scaleless skin and having a continuous vertical fin but no ventral fins. An eel is either a conger, a tuna, a moray, a common eel, or an elver. 

A conger is large dark-colored scaleless marine eel found in temperate and tropical coastal waters; some used for food, also known as a conger eel. 

A tuna is New Zealand eel, also known as a Anguilla sucklandii. 

A moray is family of brightly colored voracious eels of warm coastal waters; generally nonaggressive to humans but larger species are dangerous if provoked, also known as a moray eel. 

A common eel is eels that live in fresh water as adults but return to sea to spawn; found in Europe and America; marketed both fresh and smoked, also known as a freshwater eel. 

An elver is young eel. 

A needlefish is elongate European surface-dwelling predacious fishes with long toothed jaws; abundant in coastal waters, also known as a gar, or a billfish. A needlefish can, more specifically, be a timucu. 

A timucu is found in warm waters of western Atlantic. 

A snipefish is small bottom-dwelling fish of warm seas having a compressed body and a long snout with a toothless mouth, also known as a bellows fish. 

A cornetfish is slender tropical fish with a long tubular snout and bony plates instead of scales. 

A crossopterygian is any fish of the order Crossopterygii; most known only in fossil form, also known as a lobefin, or a lobe-finned fish. A crossopterygian can, more specifically, be a coelacanth. 

A coelacanth is fish thought to have been extinct since the Cretaceous period but found in 1938 off the coast of Africa, also known as a Latimeria chalumnae. 

A cartilaginous fish is fishes in which the skeleton may be calcified but not ossified, also known as a chondrichthian. A cartilaginous fish is either a holocephalan, or an elasmobranch. 

A holocephalan is fish with high compressed head and a body tapering off into a long tail, also known as a holocephalian. A holocephalan can, more specifically, be a chimaera. 

A chimaera is a deep-sea fish with a tapering body, smooth skin, and long threadlike tail. A chimaera can, more specifically, be a rabbitfish. 

A rabbitfish is large European chimaera, also known as a Chimaera monstrosa. 

An elasmobranch is any of numerous fishes of the class Chondrichthyes characterized by a cartilaginous skeleton and placoid scales: sharks; rays; skates, also known as a selachian. An elasmobranch is either a ray, or a shark. 

A ray is cartilaginous fishes having horizontally flattened bodies and enlarged winglike pectoral fins with gills on the underside; most swim by moving the pectoral fins. A ray is either a manta, an eagle ray, a stingray, a sawfish, a guitarfish, an electric ray, or a skate. 

A manta is extremely large pelagic tropical ray that feeds on plankton and small fishes; usually harmless but its size make it dangerous if harpooned, also known as a manta ray, or a devilfish. A manta is either a Atlantic manta, or a devil ray. 

A Atlantic manta is largest manta (to 22 feet across wings); found worldwide but common in Gulf of Mexico and along southern coasts of United States; primarily oceanic, also known as a Manta birostris. 

A devil ray is small manta (to 4 feet) that travels in schools, also known as a Mobula hypostoma. 

An eagle ray is powerful free-swimming tropical ray noted for `soaring' by flapping winglike fins; usually harmless but has venomous tissue near base of the tail as in stingrays. An eagle ray is either a spotted eagle ray, or a cownose ray. 

A spotted eagle ray is ray with back covered with white or yellow spots; widely distributed in warm seas, also known as a spotted ray, or a Aetobatus narinari. 

A cownose ray is large ray found along eastern coast of North America, also known as a cow-nosed ray, or a Rhinoptera bonasus. 

A stingray is large venomous ray with large barbed spines near the base of a thin whiplike tail capable of inflicting severe wounds. A stingray is either a butterfly ray, or a roughtail stingray. 

A butterfly ray is a stingray with a short tail and a broad fin. 

A roughtail stingray is one of the largest stingrays; found from Cape Cod to Cape Hatteras, also known as a Dasyatis centroura. 

A sawfish is primitive ray with sharp teeth on each edge of a long flattened snout. A sawfish can, more specifically, be a smalltooth sawfish. 

A smalltooth sawfish is commonly found in tropical bays and estuaries; not aggressive, also known as a Pristis pectinatus. 

A guitarfish is primitive tropical bottom-dwelling ray with a guitar-shaped body. 

An electric ray is any sluggish bottom-dwelling ray of the order Torpediniformes having a rounded body and electric organs on each side of the head capable of emitting strong electric discharges, also known as a crampfish, a numbfish, or a torpedo. 

A skate is large edible rays having a long snout and thick tail with pectoral fins continuous with the head; swim by undulating the edges of the pectoral fins. A skate is either a thorny skate, a barndoor skate, a little skate, or a grey skate. 

A thorny skate is cold-water bottom fish with spines on the back; to 40 inches, also known as a Raja radiata. 

A barndoor skate is one of the largest skates (to 5 feet); an active skate easy to hook, also known as a Raja laevis. 

A little skate is most plentiful skate in North American inshore waters in summer; to 21 inches, also known as a Raja erinacea. 

A grey skate is common European skate used as food, also known as a gray skate, or a Raja batis. 

A shark is any of numerous elongate mostly marine carnivorous fishes with heterocercal caudal fins and tough skin covered with small toothlike scales. A shark is either a carpet shark, a nurse shark, a cow shark, a dogfish, a mackerel shark, a requiem shark, a cat shark, a hammerhead, a whale shark, a sand tiger, an angel shark, or a thresher. 

A carpet shark is shark of the western Pacific with flattened body and mottled skin, also known as a Orectolobus barbatus. 

A nurse shark is small bottom-dwelling shark of warm shallow waters on both coasts of North America and South America and from southeast Asia to Australia, also known as a Ginglymostoma cirratum. 

A cow shark is large primitive shark widely distributed in warm seas, also known as a six-gilled shark, or a Hexanchus griseus. 

A dogfish is any of several small sharks. A dogfish is either a smooth dogfish, or a spiny dogfish. 

A smooth dogfish is small bottom-dwelling shark found along both Atlantic coasts. A smooth dogfish is either a American smooth dogfish, a Florida smoothhound, a whitetip shark, or a smoothhound. 

A American smooth dogfish is found along the Atlantic coast of the Americas, also known as a Mustelus canis. 

A Florida smoothhound is found from the northern Gulf of Mexico to Brazil, also known as a Mustelus norrisi. 

A whitetip shark is smooth dogfish of Pacific and Indian Oceans and Red Sea having white-tipped dorsal and caudal fins, also known as a reef whitetip shark, or a Triaenodon obseus. 

A smoothhound is smooth dogfish of European coastal waters, also known as a smoothhound shark, or a Mustelus mustelus. 

A spiny dogfish is small bottom-dwelling dogfishes. A spiny dogfish is either a Atlantic spiny dogfish, or a Pacific spiny dogfish. 

A Atlantic spiny dogfish is destructive dogfish of the Atlantic coastal waters of America and Europe; widely used in anatomy classes, also known as a Squalus acanthias. 

A Pacific spiny dogfish is dogfish of Pacific coast of North America, also known as a Squalus suckleyi. 

A mackerel shark is fierce pelagic and oceanic sharks. A mackerel shark is either a porbeagle, a basking shark, a great white shark, or a mako. 

A porbeagle is voracious pointed-nose shark of northern Atlantic and Pacific, also known as a Lamna nasus. 

A basking shark is large harmless plankton-eating northern shark; often swims slowly or floats at the sea surface, also known as a Cetorhinus maximus. 

A great white shark is large aggressive shark widespread in warm seas; known to attack humans, also known as a white shark, a man-eater, a man-eating shark, or a Carcharodon carcharias. 

A mako is powerful mackerel shark of the Atlantic and Pacific, also known as a mako shark. A mako is either a shortfin mako, a longfin mako, or a bonito shark. 

A shortfin mako is very swift active bluish shark found worldwide in warm waters; important game fish, also known as a Isurus oxyrhincus. 

A longfin mako is similar to shortfin mako but darker blue, also known as a Isurus paucus. 

A bonito shark is common blue-grey shark of southwest Pacific; sport and food fish, also known as a blue pointed, or a Isurus glaucus. 

A requiem shark is any of numerous sharks from small relatively harmless bottom-dwellers to large dangerous oceanic and coastal species. A requiem shark is either a sandbar shark, a dusky shark, a whitetip shark, a blue shark, a blacktip shark, a tiger shark, a bull shark, a soupfin shark, or a lemon shark. 

A sandbar shark is most common grey shark along coasts of middle Atlantic states; sluggish and occasionally caught by fishermen, also known as a Carcharhinus plumbeus. 

A dusky shark is relatively slender blue-grey shark; nearly worldwide in tropical and temperate waters, also known as a Carcharhinus obscurus. 

A whitetip shark is large deep-water shark with white-tipped dorsal fin; worldwide distribution; most dangerous shark, also known as an oceanic whitetip shark, a white-tipped shark, or a Carcharinus longimanus. 

A blue shark is slender cosmopolitan, pelagic shark; blue body shades to white belly; dangerous especially during maritime disasters, also known as a great blue shark, or a Prionace glauca. 

A blacktip shark is widely distributed shallow-water shark with fins seemingly dipped in ink, also known as a sandbar shark, or a Carcharhinus limbatus. 

A tiger shark is large dangerous warm-water shark with striped or spotted body, also known as a Galeocerdo cuvieri. 

A bull shark is a most common shark in temperate and tropical coastal waters worldwide; heavy-bodied and dangerous, also known as a cub shark, or a Carcharhinus leucas. 

A soupfin shark is Pacific shark valued for its fins (used by Chinese in soup) and liver (rich in vitamin A), also known as a soupfin, a soup-fin, or a Galeorhinus zyopterus. 

A lemon shark is common shallow-water schooling shark of the Atlantic from North Carolina to Brazil and off west Africa; dangerous, also known as a Negaprion brevirostris. 

A cat shark is small bottom-dwelling sharks with cat-like eyes; found along continental slopes. 

A hammerhead is medium-sized live-bearing shark with eyes at either end of a flattened hammer-shaped head; worldwide in warm waters; can be dangerous, also known as a hammerhead shark. A hammerhead is either a shovelhead, a smooth hammerhead, or a smalleye hammerhead. 

A shovelhead is small harmless hammerhead having a spade-shaped head; abundant in bays and estuaries, also known as a bonnethead, a bonnet shark, or a Sphyrna tiburo. 

A smooth hammerhead is fished for the hides and vitamin-rich liver, also known as a Sphyrna zygaena. 

A smalleye hammerhead is fished for the hide and vitamin-rich liver, also known as a Sphyrna tudes. 

A whale shark is large spotted shark of warm surface waters worldwide; resembles a whale and feeds chiefly on plankton, also known as a Rhincodon typus. 

A sand tiger is shallow-water shark with sharp jagged teeth found on both sides of Atlantic; sometimes dangerous to swimmers, also known as a sand shark, a Carcharias taurus, or a Odontaspis taurus. 

An angel shark is sharks with broad flat bodies and winglike pectoral fins but that swim the way sharks do, also known as an angelfish, a Squatina squatina, or a monkfish. 

A thresher is large pelagic shark of warm seas with a whiplike tail used to round up small fish on which to feed, also known as a thrasher, a thresher shark, a fox shark, or a Alopius vulpinus. 

A spawner is a female fish at spawning time. 

A fingerling is a young or small fish. 

A placoderm is fish-like vertebrate with bony plates on head and upper body; dominant in seas and rivers during the Devonian; considered the earliest vertebrate with jaws. 

A fetus is an unborn or unhatched vertebrate in the later stages of development showing the main recognizable features of the mature animal, also known as a foetus. A fetus is either a monster, a baby, or an abortus. 

A monster is (medicine) a grossly malformed and usually nonviable fetus, also known as a teras. 

A baby is an unborn child; a human fetus. 

An abortus is a human fetus whose weight is less than 0.5 kilogram when removed or expelled from the mother's body. 

A zooplankton is animal constituent of plankton; mainly small crustaceans and fish larvae. 

A stunt is a creature (especially a whale) that has been prevented from attaining full growth. 

A migrator is an animal (especially birds and fish) that travels between different habitats at particular times of the year. 

A giant is any creature of exceptional size. 

An embryo is an animal organism in the early stages of growth and differentiation that in higher forms merge into fetal stages but in lower forms terminate in commencement of larval life, also known as a conceptus, or a fertilized egg. An embryo is either a morula, a blastula, or a gastrula. 

A morula is a solid mass of blastomeres that forms when the zygote splits; develops into the blastula. 

A blastula is early stage of an embryo produced by cleavage of an ovum; a liquid-filled sphere whose wall is composed of a single layer of cells; during this stage (about eight days after fertilization) implantation in the wall of the uterus occurs, also known as a blastosphere. A blastula can, more specifically, be a blastocyst. 

A blastocyst is the blastula of a placental mammal in which some differentiation of cells has occurred, also known as a blastodermic vessicle. 

A gastrula is double-walled stage of the embryo resulting from invagination of the blastula; the outer layer of cells is the ectoderm and the inner layer differentiates into the mesoderm and endoderm. 

